Tim Sackton: Okay, so, oops.
Tim Sackton: we begin.
Tim Sackton: As you approach the battlefield of Uzga.
Tim Sackton: the vast army of Undead. Thousands upon thousands ringed around the besieged city
Tim Sackton: dozens upon dozens of specters and wraiths floating in the air. Swooping around
Tim Sackton: in front of you. You can see this huge war engine Travis shay the size of a city block.
Tim Sackton: It's in the process of being winched. It looks like at least 2 or 3 stones have already crashed into the city
Tim Sackton: earlier this morning or last night. and the first.
Tim Sackton: the the walls of the city, the front, the front gates, and the walls of the city are completely in ruins. and a good few dozen houses have been reduced to rubble.
Tim Sackton: You can see a line of maybe 400 zombies and skeletons piled along 2
Tim Sackton: massive ropes as they slowly pull 2 wheels on the sides of this machine, turning as this counterweight that must weigh
Tim Sackton: thousands of pounds 10,000 pounds or more slowly begins to inch up
Tim Sackton: into the into the sky. There's a boulder currently a boulder about the size of
Tim Sackton: larger than a person
Tim Sackton: currently lying in this massive netted
Tim Sackton: bucket, and as it as the counterweight lifts, winches up and up and up, you can imagine what's going to happen when that drops, and this 300 foot long arm swings
Tim Sackton: this fi 500 pond boulder into the city. From a thousand feet away.
Tim Sackton: behind the Trevich you can see a series of trenches
Tim Sackton: in which there are packs of shadow dogs milling around.
Tim Sackton: probably 60 or 80 of them.
Tim Sackton: These are. You recognize these as you as you watch. These are the dogs that hunt the same kind of thing that hunted you from Carson, and they are not undead orphanes. They're monstrosities.
Tim Sackton: but they are weak in the sunlight.
Tim Sackton: and when
Tim Sackton: night falls tonight.
Tim Sackton: with the walls now smashed.
Tim Sackton: the dogs will have free reign of the city.
Tim Sackton:  As you approach.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You recall that
Tim Sackton: information that the
Tim Sackton:  that
Tim Sackton: you learn from the hollow stories about okay.
Tim Sackton:  about the tales of gosh.
Tim Sackton:  The story
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: from the story learned told to you from a
Tim Sackton: Let's see who which this is. This is where I need my list of all the names of people from so and so that we just made
Tim Sackton: was the name of that the monk of the awakened soul, Saka, the the old woman north of Tokra. Who canso first
Tim Sackton: learn the stories from.
Tim Sackton: and as you've been praying and meditating you can. You can hear her tail.  the story
Tim Sackton: of a wandering night
Tim Sackton: in the days before
Tim Sackton:  in the days before the like, in her childhood, right? So like 60 years ago, after the great War.
Tim Sackton: the days after the
Tim Sackton: after the
Tim Sackton: the barriers of Chakon had gone up. But when people still sometimes ventured into the plague, lands, into the desolation of Shamat for glory or treasure.
Tim Sackton: tales of a wandering night from an unknown home, not Dunmar elsewhere. Sakhin never knew
Tim Sackton: who headed
Tim Sackton: east. never returned. and the only news that came back
Tim Sackton: was that
Tim Sackton: he had passed beyond the land of the dead and yet not died.
Tim Sackton: The tales from
you.
Tim Sackton: Justin, the bandit.
Tim Sackton: the rumors that the parrot, the parents of the
Tim Sackton: children of
Tim Sackton: Tocra, would tell their kids that they didn't behave.
Tim Sackton: The shadow night will get you.
and
Tim Sackton: he comes when it's dark, and with a sweep
Tim Sackton: of his glave slammed into the ground, knocks you down. and then, as he stands over you, cuts you with wounds that do not heal.
Tim Sackton: And then the memory of Motula. We fought groch in the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: the chains that bound Motua, a curse that weakened them
Tim Sackton: reduced their ability to hurt him, springing from the ring
Tim Sackton: could only be removed by taking one step closer to death.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: real quick on the Moto memory. You said that again. So the who is the? He missed the pronoun? Yep, yep, yep, yep.
Tim Sackton: So those weekend Motua.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his attacks do less damage. I could only be removed by stepping one click step closer to death by choosing to fail a death saving throw in advance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know how many times it has to die. But can I? Can I revive myself? Can I? Yeah, okay, so. But I can't use my, I can't use my my revival key on myself. No, cause you'd be dead at that point. Brisbane's already revived me at least twice. I mean, nobody's actually died. I've actually died right when I didn't. Yeah. So I'm saying, Behme, I died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, alright, alright, that's helpful, that's all. We really got clear on some crucial weaknesses, if not really
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the jungle. So yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, yeah, like, we have to like, kind of willingly face our own deaths to then weaken his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Christian. He has a slam attack that knocks you from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any kind of protection against curses?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great question. great great question, Riswyn.
Tim Sackton: I think you're muted.
Kate Sackton: I'm muted, and reading my spells
Tim Sackton: style.
Tim Sackton: as you consider. And at this point, as the as the Skyshift begins to fly over the army
Tim Sackton: extra bonus. Special rainbow bridge shoots out and teleports riswin to the
Eric Rosenbaum: skyship without using a use of the Rainbow Bridge
Mike Sackton: and and hold on before we did. We is our plan to just fly the skyship undisguised in any fashion over the army.
Tim Sackton: No, you're like you're far enough away at the moment that you can discuss that as part of your plans. But  Can we test the fly also before? Well, we're still a couple of days out. The fly is still possessed by. You've tested the fly since the goddess was trapped in the bay. Wall. I forgot we've done that rest.
Tim Sackton: Gotta go back and actually kill her at some point.
Eric Rosenbaum:  hmm!
Tim Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: looking over the map.
Tim Sackton: well, be tracing not just
Tim Sackton: the journeys that you've taken, but all the journeys and all hoplings I've taken
Tim Sackton: you hear the memories
Tim Sackton: from long ago. from
Tim Sackton: before humans walked the earth.
Tim Sackton: the halfling song.
Tim Sackton: an elf
Tim Sackton: who had rejected Aldenar and America.
Tim Sackton: who had grown
Tim Sackton: sick of the
Tim Sackton: control that they, or the not the control, but the
Tim Sackton: who wanted independence, who wanted to to
Tim Sackton: claim, or immortality, or himself, without depending on a god?
Tim Sackton: Did not.
Tim Sackton: The song goes
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: the normal ways to achieve immortality.
Tim Sackton: turning into an undead or
Tim Sackton: or tying yourself to the world as the God's pull got weaker and weaker, as many old elves do, did not appeal to him, wanted to re remain
Tim Sackton: undying and strong, and the story goes. He went to the Land of the dead, and there he brought
Tim Sackton: soil. He brought the stuff of the Land of the dead back to Talgar.
Tim Sackton: and from that fashion to ring that gave him control over life and death.
Tim Sackton: and the halfling songs do not say what became of this elf
Tim Sackton: traveled far, far away out of the
Tim Sackton: songs of halflings into
Tim Sackton: strange planes and far realms.
Tim Sackton: into the shattered spaces. the edge of the material plane.
Tim Sackton: And what secrets there no one knows, but he brought with him this ring made of the substance of the land of the dead. And then the song says.
Tim Sackton: this ring was found again.
Tim Sackton: The tells don't say
Tim Sackton: how or when exactly.
Tim Sackton: but it reappeared during the golden age of drank, or
Tim Sackton: there was much consternation and
Tim Sackton: despair, for it was thought to be far too dangerous to allow
Tim Sackton: a mortal to claim it.
Tim Sackton: Not only did it keep them from ever dying. When a person wearing this ring
Tim Sackton: would die, they absorbed the life force of those around them and were brought back to life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or how many times you have to kill this dude.
Mike Sackton: Oh, we gotta get the ring before we actually try and kill them, I think, or else it'll suck the life out of us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like that.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: a plan was made according to the halfling psalms.
Tim Sackton: as you trace your finger along them. The river that flows now past the Ork kingdoms, but then flowed south to drankor.
Tim Sackton: and the ring was taken
Tim Sackton: north from the city.
Tim Sackton: the goal to find some
Tim Sackton: substance, some power strong enough to dissolve even
Tim Sackton: the material of the land of the dead.
Tim Sackton: and the next
Tim Sackton: sorry. I just saw the chat.
Tim Sackton: The next.
Tim Sackton: The next tail
Tim Sackton: tells of how the ring was lost. Yet again this party did not succeed.
Tim Sackton: and it tumbled
Tim Sackton: downriver landing in the play glands
Tim Sackton: until presumably it was found by a lost night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm!
Tim Sackton: And the story goes.
Tim Sackton: Destruction of such a thing
Tim Sackton: it is not
Tim Sackton: is not that it is difficult exactly.
Tim Sackton: not protected by the power of a devil, or imbued with the soul of its Creator.
Tim Sackton: It's simply that there is very little
Tim Sackton: that can dissolve the fundamental material from which planes are constructed.
You're
Mike Sackton: do we still have any of that universal solvent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can that dissolve the very material from which planes are constructed? Literally anything?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a matter of getting the right getting it in the right spot at the right time.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: we have one use of that. Yeah, you have one use
Eric Rosenbaum: no mists.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, we. There's some magic, though, that we have this like daisies, people or stuns with them, or something right? Kenzo's punches and my psychic glance it's called, which can incapacitate somebody. Yeah, I mean, gosh, is gonna have almost certainly gonna have a certain number of legendary resistances so that he could choose to succeed on a save
Eric Rosenbaum: right? So
Tim Sackton: somebody, obviously, yes, if somebody is incapacitated, you can attempt to cut off their hand.
Tim Sackton: If, if, just because of the way, what hip points represent. If somebody is badly wounded, you can also attempt to cut off their hand.
Tim Sackton: It's, of course, harder, because you'd have to make an attack with disadvantage
Tim Sackton: if they're stunned, you normally would get advantage. So it's a straight roll. If they're not stunned, you have to hit with disadvantage, but technically. But just keep in mind you don't.
Tim Sackton: If somebody is.
Tim Sackton: it'll be clear when somebody is wounded. Enough that it would be feasible to attempt.
Mike Sackton: What if there's no flesh connecting their arm to their hand cause there's still, I mean conceptually, I mean, you could in theory imagine. Just do we have to cut off his hand before we couldn't we just grapple him? And like, or the thing on his arm, I mean, it might be suicidal. You can try
Mike Sackton: if you miss that seems right. We lose the universal solvent which is problematic. But if you, if we have the ring, I mean if we successfully cut off his hand, presumably the rings magic? Or does the attunement actually do, we know? Does attunement to a match guidelines
Tim Sackton: a 2 min magic item ends. If somebody is unconscious.
Tim Sackton: which is impossible while you're tuning to the ring if they're more than a hundred feet away from it for more than 24 h, or if they choose to end via tune. So okay, so presumably the ring, even if we cut off if we
Mike Sackton: cutting off his hand, is not sufficient to end attunement.
Mike Sackton: No, that was not. It's not like it's not like the one ring.
Tim Sackton: No, it's not like the one thing
Tim Sackton: I mean. It is kind of like the wondering. But it's not exactly like
Mike Sackton: you're on Mute Kong.
Tim Sackton: I mean, if you like, teleported 100 miles away, check and waited a day
Tim Sackton: that would also work.
Mike Sackton: Well. If you talk for a hundred miles away. You could just, or the universal solvent did it with no particular concern.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. I mean, if you cut off right.
Tim Sackton: if you're holding the hand, you can't fail to pour the universal. It's only if the hand is attached to crashes arm that you could fail.
But if he was stunned and the hand was still attached his arm.
UU Church of Boulder: you know. Presumably you still need to make an attack. Well, it's with advantage. But you know the the plan that's being obviously telegraphed. Here is fight. Gosh! Tell us hit points, or Wow! Cut his hand off and then dissolve it.
Tim Sackton: No stunner incapacitate him before his hit points are well, you can also cut off his hand right. The point is, you don't have to stun him to cut him off. Cut off his hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good luck. I'll be on the ship if I
Mike Sackton: if we
UU Church of Boulder: I know that that wouldn't matter in their mind, so we'll be at thirteenth level. I picked up ambush, master as part of my scout, so I get advantage on initiative.
UU Church of Boulder: However, I hit first. Everybody else has advantage against for the whole of first round. Conceivably we could go in and just try to pumble him.
UU Church of Boulder: you know, basically try to stun him over and over and over, and like burn any resistances like burn any protective stuff he has, and just try to run through that as quickly as possible.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's hard to. Yeah. If he has 3 legend registers. He's gonna first 3 spells against him. Probably he'll succeed right? So he's gonna be surrounded by he's also potentially gonna be surrounded by minions. But like second ingredients could get rid of a lot of minions very quickly
right?
Mike Sackton: Gonna get rid of us also, if we're in it. Well, we if we're standing in the spell. Yes, that's been a problem in the past, but that's only because of positioning errors, not because of the spell. Tim, having seen the battlefield a little bit. Is it obvious where Commander Grush is? But we need to take out the
Tim Sackton: I mean. You got about half an hour. Another massive boulder flies towards the city as these undead are winching it up.
Tim Sackton:  Theoretically, you don't have to take out the trouble. Say, first
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers like
Eric Rosenbaum: look, see, here's the moveable rod, the arm of the Travis shade goes clunk, and it just can't go past it. It's gonna remember that if you apply more than 8,000 pounds of force to an immovable rod. It moves.
Eric Rosenbaum: but exact. In exactly what way does it move? Because if it stops them and starts again.
Tim Sackton: the tribunal just turns right. It turns sorry it deactivates, it falls to the ground.
Mike Sackton: There's lots of places you could put in a moveable rod on a Trebuchet that it wouldn't.
Tim Sackton: that would jam it up without 8,000 fans of force being wide. Accelerate right? So as long as it's close to the ground.
Mike Sackton: some numbers on it. You need to catch it to catch the the counterweight at the right spot, right? So that it doesn't. It just can't move, or the arm at the right spot. I think it's the arm. The arm counterweight is like 15,000 pounds. That'll crash through the rod, no matter what it's the arm, because the arm, the physics of a troupe is, it goes slow, and it accelerates as it as the counterweight falls down, and so
Tim Sackton: the further the further along its trajectory it is the more force it's moving with.
Mike Sackton: I watched the whole thing about the physics. The the theory here is that we should go as a
Mike Sackton: strike, squad in and blow up the Treasury shave first.
Mike Sackton: probably with flying invisibility.
Mike Sackton: except for the the crew that's up on the ship, except for, except for the crew on the ship dropping locks, which is probably
Mike Sackton: seeker and maybe just seeker. The only thing is we're limited in our ability to be flying invisible unless you can get unless we can get
Eric Rosenbaum: is is fadrick on the ship.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's he gonna do?
Mike Sackton: Not much. He's gonna hide. But actually, no, he's not useless. The the the ice powers we have are not bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: right like the icicle. Turret's pretty good. We have to get pretty low, though the icicle turt has a range of whoops.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the other thing we could do is what if we just fly the ship into the February.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about that.
Tim Sackton: What if you animate object on the tribute for some? It's way too big. It's it's too big. I mean, I loved your sap, your speed. The boulders are like 10 feet by 10 feet. You could animate a boulder, animate a boulder, and have it grab on. I love that idea that
Eric Rosenbaum: might actually that would certainly prevent one firing event from happening. It could tangle itself up and mess it up badly enough. They'd have to spend a while fixing them.
Eric Rosenbaum:  animating that boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you need to be a lot closer. But that's why I suggested making one
Mike Sackton: and sending it in. Yeah, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, basically, that would also work right? But it might be too late for that if they're already winching up the next boulder.
Mike Sackton: if it's not a rapid fire. If it's it's like it's like one time. Basically, it's like one an hour roughly is how long it takes them to
Tim Sackton: fire load the next boulder. winch up the counterweight
Tim Sackton: fire again.
Tim Sackton: So they're about halfway through the process. At the moment the boulders loaded, the arms in position.
Tim Sackton: counterweights being winched.
Eric Rosenbaum: What about burning it?
Eric Rosenbaum: And we light it on fire. What are the d and d rules for something like that to damage it by burning it?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you certainly can try. It's I mean, this is not. you know this is
Tim Sackton: very sturdy construction, right? It, you know there's
Tim Sackton: not that it wouldn't burn. But you know, just shooting a flaming airline. It's probably not gonna do much. You need something.
Mike Sackton: can we? Can we hold on? Can animate objects, steer something.
Mike Sackton: Yes, no, yes, it's the latter. Can. Can you animate a rock and go up a mile and just have the rock fly at it? And would it accelerate as if it was dropped from a mile
Mike Sackton: and be able to aim right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we did terminal velocity. It doesn't wouldn't be.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: we can't nuke it. Basically 3,000 pound rock at terminal velocity that hit it dead center would almost certainly smash through the trebuchet from the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could simply do that by dropping things from the ship, though
Kate Sackton: that's why. But you might miss if you're dropping things from the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see it's a guided missile. It's a guided, guided missile. I think we should definitely do that. I think that's the probably the best idea. Tim is smiling. Mic is smiling. A very large rock is a very large rock
UU Church of Boulder: that won't drop, though, will it?
Eric Rosenbaum: If you wait 10 min it becomes non-magical. Then you can do whatever you want. Yeah, you can handle it. Yeah, you can make yourself a stone missile.
Tim Sackton: Wait 10 min. It becomes non-magical and permanent. Then animate the stone missile.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is burning. A lot of my spell splots all of most of my abilities all at once. I could also use the blood to make it a wall of fire instead of wall of stone, and then it would be a giant fireball that falls from the sky, striking the
Mike Sackton: a wall of fire would be the kind of thing that would potentially burn it. Right? Let's do that. And aren't we doing the isol turret
Eric Rosenbaum: so that actually only has a range of 100 feet 100 feet for the sleet storm, 300 feet for the daggers of ice
Mike Sackton: we can only use the dagger device 4 times. We only get 32 daggers total.
Mike Sackton: They didn't do gigantic amount of damage, either, like it doesn't feel like they do what trebuchet destroying damage. No, they're better at like that's for when we're in close quarters. But you can just make you don't even need wallet stone like you can use performance of creation. That's what I was. Gonna say, can't you just use performance of creation to create a rock?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. The wall of stone artifact would be physically larger, I think, than the result of that. But but you can only animate something that's large or smaller, and performance of creation can make you something that is up to large. Yeah. So they're meant to make it bigger than large. You can't animate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think this is the right way to do it. Then I'll just performance of creation a big, nasty, pointy rock. and then wake it up from when we're a mile above the Tribuchet, and then ask it to just dive into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, exactly. Where do you hit a trebuchet to best disable it? Probably at the hinge point.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you want to go. You want to break the arm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? You wanna go. I would just go straight in at the top. It's gonna be weakest from the top. Now, how do we? How do we talk to this stone
Eric Rosenbaum: to sort of like, invigorate. Really? Good at talking distance. Yeah. Oh, yeah, exactly. Remember. Elemental origin.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, like, beings are are just dust everything
Mike Sackton: we have to put ladder marks on it right like. So it's at least a hint of a ladder. Heroic brethren. Alright. So you're still some distance away, maybe about a mile.
Tim Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: seemingly haven't been noticed.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: you're, you know, so are you like, how are you approaching? I mean you.
Tim Sackton: as you
Tim Sackton: fly over.
UU Church of Boulder: Is it time to turn on the cloud?
Mike Sackton: We never got the question, but we could turn on our sleep storm.
Mike Sackton: That'll hide us, I mean, we'll look like us like a weird storm of there's literally no clouds in the sky at the moment. Yeah, but we won't be obvious as a castle like. Presumably the sleet storm would look it, make it look like some kind of magical effect. Not only 1 min.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's not that useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna be a visible speck in the skies which have to be high up.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, up, up, up, up. They'll never do. They fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We don't know. Did they have. Those flying monsters shouldn't know all kinds of things about the people that have been trying to bash into the thing. That's a good point. What's flying around here.
Tim Sackton: So most of the undead are various kinds of work zombies and a few skeletons.
Tim Sackton: But there, there are flying undead. There's specters and rates and and shades. They're less numerous then the
Tim Sackton:  than the zombies. But they've spent a lot of time flying like a hundred feet over the city out of the range of forbidden
Tim Sackton: and just kind of trying to terrify people.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the status of forbidden right now? It's permanent.
Kate Sackton: I you guys are gone long time I've I finished praying that that
Kate Sackton: city like a week and a week ago. Wow!
Kate Sackton: I've had a little bit of a rest from my 18 h prior days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But Rizmond's like a little like Orc demigod. Now, right? Aren't you kind of you're like you. They must like, build little statues for you, and stuff like it's like A, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's why they need those other dogs.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why they need the shadow dogs, because they can't send our dead into the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's just evacuate everyone. This is not gonna work
Mike Sackton:  let's, I mean, let's now okay, we have a plan, we're gonna fly high above the sky right 2 miles up, right, and then scout, you know, see what it everything looks like right? And then 2 miles might be a bit high. That's like 10,000 feet. No, no! And then descent, I mean, we'll descend before we send. The rock will descend right.
Mike Sackton: We'll just send to. I don't know 2,000 feet, or something
Mike Sackton: like I don't know what terminal. You only want to be a little bit above the distance it would need to reach. Terminal velocity will calculate the optimal. Ask Fud to calculate the optimal point, to drop a rock that have best damage and accuracy.
Tim Sackton: and he doesn't know. But Sieker and Felderk worked together on it, crawling a bunch of numbers on the wall. And yeah, you spend a little bit of time like thinking while you're beginning to angle the ship up
Tim Sackton: the challenges the higher up you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: even with a guided missile.
Tim Sackton: There's like wind, and you just don't have it like it's
Tim Sackton: small in the distance, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So if you start too high up, there's still a chance you might miss at at one mile I could clairvoyance
Eric Rosenbaum: from the Tribuchet, looking up and line up the shit by looking down and up at the same time.
Eric Rosenbaum: But well, it I mean it is. It is gonna be guided. The thing can move. Yeah. we don't need to say.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: you know the difference between hitting a glancing blow and smack on could be the difference between damaging the thing and destroying the thing.
Mike Sackton: So the lower you are.
Tim Sackton: If you're like 300 feet up much better odds.
Mike Sackton: we we're better off being in range of the specters, so we can have a fun little battle while we crash the ship into things which is what Tim is trying to encourage us to do, but that'll guarantee that'll guarantee that'll give us a better guarantee of blowing the th. I'm blowing the thing up, which I think is important. We don't want to miss.
Mike Sackton: because that's too
Mike Sackton: we can. We can deal with some
Mike Sackton: fighting off someone dead while we're while we're crashing into stuff. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go to 300 feet.
Mike Sackton: But before we descend to 300 feet we want to get a sense of like, is there anywhere?
Mike Sackton: Is there anywhere we can
Mike Sackton: is this thing 400 feet tall, by the way, so 300 feet above the top of it is actually 700 feet. Well, you don't want. Wow! So
Tim Sackton: the arm
Tim Sackton: is it towards the arm? But it's lying like this like it's gonna do it. I mean, you could just park the ship
Tim Sackton: 300 feet up.
Mike Sackton: Wait for the arm to swing smack into the ship. It would almost certainly break. Yeah. no, no, no, we're doing our latter plan.
Mike Sackton: Well, we could just
Eric Rosenbaum: drive the ship straight down onto it.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the other thing we could. Just. Your ship is bigger than it. You could just land on.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're 200 feet long.
Mike Sackton: It's 400 feet long that that can be our our nuclear option. If nothing else works. We just crash the ship into it. Let's let's send the rock from like any problem that we have. And I like that. Yeah, let's let's just II think the latter plan is very satisfying. We could have a little rock ladder.
Mike Sackton: Smash it in.
Mike Sackton: Why not? Let's just do it. It's not too resource. Heavy on seeker. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are right. We won't be able to activate the latter itself for this battle.
Tim Sackton: You get back in. You just need to spend it. Oh, that's right. Okay?
Mike Sackton: Or do you get it back on short rest or long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: long rest. So okay.
Mike Sackton: the only other question is, is there any other
Mike Sackton: wrap that makes.
That's probably not right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's always something that I'm like. I wish I had done that before.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's usually performance of creation or animate. and those are the things that I'm using now. We could polymorph somebody.
Mike Sackton:  Those are all short duration, right? The only thing that'd be worth casting now would be a long duration spell that doesn't require concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
UU Church of Boulder: We were nice. Don't let
Mike Sackton: like don't die, and visibility is concentration.
Mike Sackton: It's easy enough to cast. There's no point in.
Mike Sackton: I plan on casting invisibility. But let's wait till we have a good use for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's intimidation. We could like the good year blimp style like we could write something using mold earth on the exterior of industry if there's something that would strike fear in the heart of gosh! But that is probably not a thing
Kate Sackton: in the category of preparation. I was gonna cast cast death word on Kenzo, so he can do all his massive, and lots of damage
Kate Sackton: was less concerned about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great, that's great. What can III can also revive you if you die so actually, death wording me is like, that's like one of the smartest things we could do. Actually, yes, wow, wow! That this just pivotally changed the entire outcome of what's gonna happen right now, actually
Kate Sackton: did become a useful. But one other time I cast it right? I think so.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it did
Mike Sackton: alright. So
Tim Sackton: you fly up into the sky and begin to descend carefully aiming. What does the what does the missile look like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, Feldrick and Seeker draw a lot of sketches to try to work out what will do the most damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: because it's a compromise between impact surface area and acceleration through the sky. So it has to be kind of like. A
Eric Rosenbaum: probably it should just be a feature. What's that? A wedge?
A wedge?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, probably a wedge.
Mike Sackton: a sphere, maybe not bad. You're a sphere. Probably a sphere actually is that
Mike Sackton: I mean, sphere is nice, because once it smashes into the ground, it might even roll around a bit crushing some.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's still animated. Right? Can't you just roll in circles?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's gonna take the following damage, which might kill it. Yeah, okay. Oh, it'll just smash
Tim Sackton: into pieces. I mean, it's gonna take damage right? Like, yeah.
Kate Sackton: the short life of the Flying Rock. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: if it survives, it can roll around in circles.
Tim Sackton: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. We're going with the latter ball. Can I like inspire it?
Eric Rosenbaum: You can give Runic inspiration to an animated creature? Alright. So seeker summons into being a large stone sphere, large being what 20 feet across, or 40
Eric Rosenbaum: largest 20 feet. It's 10 feet by 10 feet. Umhm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a big, heavy object. We're just up on the deck of the ship because it can. It can navigate itself down
Eric Rosenbaum: and seeker sort of quietly but sternly talks to it about
Eric Rosenbaum: the ancient elemental conflict between itself and its brethren of stone, and all organic beings which it must crush until they are finally ground splinters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Describing to it the trebuchet that enslaves its stone bedroom brethren and throws them against each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's it's freeing its bolder friends from slavery by smashing this trebuchet. And I cast inspiration on it, so it has a little
Eric Rosenbaum: spinning rune around it as it
Eric Rosenbaum: animates lifting from the deck
Tim Sackton: as you can. As you begin to descend, you can see that swarming up towards you are a pack of these spectres and shades that have been alerted to your presence, I mean a 200 foot long. Ship is not
Tim Sackton: camouflage particularly well, I assume Seeker is in is in
Tim Sackton: like combat focus on the ship, so you can sense from every side of it, and all of that stuff.
Mike Sackton: Now might be a good time for the sleet storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's say you have to be attacked by a bunch of flying things. Let's do it. See? Term missile rolls off the side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay? And then we're gonna activate the sleet storm immediately after the missile falls.
Tim Sackton: begins to accelerate downward, and suddenly. yes.
Tim Sackton:  Torrent of ice and rain begins. Ice and frozen rain begins to fall
Tim Sackton:  in a circle down doesn't quite reach the ground, because it only goes down 100 feet from the bottom of the ship.
Tim Sackton: But you know as it as these specters are, and shades are closing in on you, beginning to try and reach up suddenly the they're coming from 3 directions. There's a group coming from the
Tim Sackton: like, the east, a group from the west, and one coming straight out from the bottom from the below, the
Tim Sackton:  from like around where the trebochet is, and those ones just get runs smack right into the sleeve, storm and
Tim Sackton: swirling around, confused, blinded.
Tim Sackton: obscure, not sure which way is what.
Tim Sackton: as the boulder accelerates. And you can see now below, like 300 feet below these, like lines of zombies, like pulling the counterweight's about 3
Tim Sackton: 3 quarters, 80% of the way up.
Tim Sackton: And what are you? What's which part of the Trevor share are you aiming for with the
Eric Rosenbaum: stone missile?
Mike Sackton: I think dead
Mike Sackton: like the hit. The
Mike Sackton: that's setting the hinge. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so this is like where the counterweights attached in this whole like
Eric Rosenbaum: complex that it swings on. Basically we look at a picture of a tribute we might want to hit like
Eric Rosenbaum: the arm a little ways off from that to snap it, but really high up so it'd be very hard to fix.
Mike Sackton: I think, if you break the arm it's really hard to fix, because the arm is gonna be
Mike Sackton: come, I mean
Mike Sackton: the arm can't have any structural weaknesses, right? You can't just like tie it back together. Or
Mike Sackton: yeah. And the force right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I would. That hinge point has a bunch of structure associated with it looks like. So
Eric Rosenbaum: let's try to snap the arm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so shift down a little bit, aiming for the like.
Tim Sackton: So the throwing arm basically makes a triangle that goes down to the ground where the boulder is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So it's like a little bit down from there relatively high off. So like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know
Tim Sackton: 80 feet off the ground. Something like that. Yeah, this is a little bit harder to hit.
Tim Sackton: aiming for a narrower window. But it's definitely weaker.
Tim Sackton: Boulder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, make a attack roll for the boulder. What's the I forget how I do that is that my spell. It's just a spell attack. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a 30
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: made your old night. That's it. That's it. Oh, that's a natural 20. That's a crit. Yeah. Oh, wow! Thank fucking. Thank you. Huge.
Kate Sackton: The vulnerable
UU Church of Boulder: looks up.
Tim Sackton: You can see it beginning to spin a little bit, and you have this like vague sense
Tim Sackton: of eyes and a little salute. Role 40 d. 6,
Eric Rosenbaum: 4, 0 d. 6.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, can you do? What can we do things to make this like? The OP. Wait so oh, it's a crad! So you rolling? It would have been 20 d. 6. But you're rolling 40 d. 6
Mike Sackton: or or is he supposed to roll. 80 d. 6.
Tim Sackton: No, no, he's supposed to roll 40,
UU Church of Boulder: 166. That's pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the boulder
Tim Sackton: ladder boulder you can see, like a cup like a little. This room that's floating around, and it just turns briefly into like a little medal of honor in its mind
Tim Sackton: as it crashes it hits the arm. it goes straight through the arm like smack, breaking it cleanly in a half.
Tim Sackton: It goes straight down to the ground and then
Tim Sackton: shatters in half. What's well, what's half of what? Yeah, that's
Tim Sackton: 60. That's like 80. Something is half of that.
Tim Sackton: The boulder cracks in half, and it splits open and begins to roll. The 2 sides.
Tim Sackton: as like
Tim Sackton: zombies, are beginning to run away, because it's not just the boulder this giant arm. The hair is falling down on top of this pile of zombies that are
Tim Sackton: pulling on this rope, which, because the arm breaks the counterweight, suddenly starts swinging wildly from the
Tim Sackton: from the impact of this momentum
Tim Sackton: the whole thing. And I was like now the arm, like you watch in slow motion as the arm begins to tumble and it lands, and then it begins to roll down. This line of zombies like zombies can't move fast enough to get it away. There's like 30 zombies that are crushed by this rolling
Tim Sackton: piece of wood before it comes to a stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the Trevor should just slowly like is now completely off. Balance begins to just tip forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was literally the best time ever to roll a critical in this entire campaign. The entire campaign that was the best that was the best natural. Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hours hours of something. And I'm just like
Tim Sackton: the arm. Had the arm had
Eric Rosenbaum: had 80 hit points, you probably would have broken it with a normal attack
Tim Sackton: not guaranteed with with 26.
Tim Sackton: With that
Tim Sackton: there's just silence falls over the battlefield for a moment. I need some like triumphant music.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's only 9, 15.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this just means
Tim Sackton: won't go till past midnight. Great
Mike Sackton:  Are there any
Tim Sackton: specters actually causing us trouble?
UU Church of Boulder: So
Tim Sackton: violence falls over the battlefield for a minute, and you can faintly hear the cheering of the Orcs. you know, a thousand feet away.
Tim Sackton:  But
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: it does not stop the specters that are closing in on the ship.
Tim Sackton: There are 2 groups flying towards the ship.
Tim Sackton:  Where is my! I couldn't find. I tried to. I didn't have time to make a new one. I thought I had a
Tim Sackton: Vindrasjarna
Tim Sackton: bottleneck, but I couldn't find that
Eric Rosenbaum: we did. You had a giant token for it, I think. Wow! That's what it was.
Eric Rosenbaum: A gigantic token feldreck is like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keeps like peeping over at the wreckage
Eric Rosenbaum: over the edge of the ship and up and down gig.
Tim Sackton: Right here it is. Here it is.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Let's see if I could do this.
Mike Sackton:  this one can turn on dead right.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: helpful.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, do we want them to run? I mean, what section can you just destroy that? Aren't you high enough level that turn? Just kill them. Yeah, just kills them.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. But again, like, how many of them do we want to get?
Kate Sackton: Yes, I'm definitely going to do that. What I've been doing around here these days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Musical term has 4 charges. We used one. Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay, so closing in
Mike Sackton:  by the fact, these are square tokens, are they minions
Tim Sackton: from one direction
Eric Rosenbaum: and a large number of
Tim Sackton: Orc shades.
Tim Sackton: The the group that was from the bottom, I'm just gonna say, got wiped out by the ice storm
Tim Sackton: residual benefit of the credit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Tim Sackton: from
Tim Sackton: the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tomorrow we say it started off so well.
and where are you? Pcs
Tim Sackton: project siding hopefully won't die.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Actually, he runs below decks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, with some encouragement from seeker.
Mike Sackton: And what are the other things?
Mike Sackton: Vectors of some kind?
Tim Sackton: Specters and arrays.
Tim Sackton: Who am I missing?
Mike Sackton: 10? Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Seeker. Okay, go ahead and put your styles where you want
Mike Sackton: the back of the ship is. I can't move that way. I can't move myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, same.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry I
Tim Sackton: I put all the tokens on the map layer not the token layer.
Mike Sackton: Okay, try that. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the the back of the ship is to the right here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: stop, I mean.
Mike Sackton: probably we're better off grouping up and letting them come to us and not getting surrounded, so we should just we should just let them come to us and take range chats at them while they're still moving towards us
Mike Sackton: and just be back to back so that they can't easily get around can't easily surround us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is a good moment for the icicle daggers. Probably.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you could fling icicle daggers and try and take out like as many of the minions. I mean, you get 8 shots at it.
Mike Sackton:  and carry over damage could take over multiple minions. Right? Okay, go ahead and
Tim Sackton:  and role initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm last.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, B is 19.
Tim Sackton: Dalworth is 7
Eric Rosenbaum: secrets. 5. I've been busy, you know.
Tim Sackton: A rizz.
Tim Sackton: Kong. Where did you? Where did? Where did Kenza go? Kong, where did you go?
Tim Sackton: A
Kate Sackton: is uninitiated.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: okay. Well, well, bees first
UU Church of Boulder: and II dropped off for a sec. There, are there any obvious differences between the
UU Church of Boulder: are? There are 5 of them approaches, or 5 plus like 2.
Tim Sackton: These ones down here are all minions, the group below the ship
Tim Sackton: above the ship this one here is like stronger.
Mike Sackton: That's a rate. Yeah, there's
Mike Sackton: I would like to start shooting. I'll just blast at them when they're 120 feet away.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the map's not big enough for that. But
Mike Sackton: Who are you? Gonna who do you want to start shooting out your squats?
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'll let you take
Tim Sackton: 2 rounds of shock before it comes into before combat starts
Eric Rosenbaum: nice, and what and
Tim Sackton: what's the longbow range? Phoby
Tim Sackton: range?
Mike Sackton: What's this? A/C. Tim?
Tim Sackton:  12.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I can only miss on a one.
Mike Sackton: 2 rounds of shots is 6 hits.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: or 33 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the rate that's coming in wounded.
Tim Sackton: If anybody else has long range stuff that's more than
Tim Sackton: more than 60 feet out that you want to start with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, the the rain of ice. The daggers are 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: Take some dagger shots
Eric Rosenbaum: I would only use. Maybe I just use one charge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, I'll use one charge, and should I hit the bin I would I would try and take out the race. Yeah, the most powerful one.
Mike Sackton: Just keep going on the race until it is dead or you run out of 8, you run out of shots.
Mike Sackton: Oh, the only thing I don't know. Do any of us know if rates are particularly immune to cold damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I happen to know that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I? Can I still set him?
Tim Sackton: Not not outside of 60 feet, not at the 200, not at the 100 foot range. This is the stuff that's happening as they're closing in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, I'll just blast has a hundred 20 foot range. So as soon as it was within 120 feet, Della started firing bulks
Kate Sackton: and I did a guiding goal.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna I'm gonna do the 8 dagger shots at the at the minions.
Tim Sackton: 13 just hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, you're doing dagger shots with the minions. Okay? Yeah. So I have 8 of them. So I roll
Tim Sackton: my spell, attack 8 times, just roll, just roll a. D. 20. The
Tim Sackton: the minions only have an A/C of 11, so you only fail on a one. or a 2, or a 3
Eric Rosenbaum: 8. No, your spell attack is plus 10. You only fail on a one
Eric Rosenbaum: I did fail twice. Wow!
Tim Sackton: Wow! Picking up for the crate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So each one of those dagger shots does. How much twod something called damage I don't know is cold damage, good or bad, I'm not sure or neutral. It's it's neutral.
Tim Sackton: So 2D. 6 times 6.
Tim Sackton: So each one is guaranteed. Take to take out
Tim Sackton: 1 million.
Tim Sackton: so just role role, what is that?
Mike Sackton: 26 total.
Tim Sackton: And any pair that's higher than 8 takes out 2 millions.
Mike Sackton: 1, 1, 2, 2
Mike Sackton: free.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 9 minions taken out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: now, initiative starts. Well, I know, Tim, I can ask an arrow on 90 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll ask an arrow the rape
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and 21
Tim Sackton: that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11 damage nice
Eric Rosenbaum: settings.
Tim Sackton: Okay, wraith is coming in, probably with you. Well, B is first. I'm gonna take steady aim and see if I can finish off that wraith.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice! Did you guys roll initiative for me?
Tim Sackton: No! You got her roll initiative.
Mike Sackton: Seeker! Why don't you get a little bit more in the center, so that you're more protected. By the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: that was my intention like I don't know like here.
Mike Sackton: go even
Mike Sackton: go go next to Wellbe, between Ken Kenzo and Riswin
Mike Sackton: on the other side, I think.
Kate Sackton:  yeah, right? How much damage was that?
UU Church of Boulder: 34. Alternative. 4. Okay, that takes out the race.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice
Tim Sackton: it is the shades term.
Tim Sackton: Let me see how far where they are.
Mike Sackton: wait, cog, did you have a role initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. 13.
Mike Sackton: And wait. What's your assassin thing? Schwartz? We all get advantage.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, the first target that I hit.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So we could got it better to take it out.
Mike Sackton: No, absolutely
Tim Sackton: okay. So these are all closing in.
Mike Sackton: maybe should be one step back. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Niceness.
Tim Sackton: 8, 40. Quid. Move. 1, 2, 3
gods!
Tim Sackton: 7, 8 these ones, 1, 2
Tim Sackton: that will get to like there. Oh, this one! I'll just
Tim Sackton: dash!
Mike Sackton: They're all bunching up nicely for your 30 foot range turn, Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: I'm asking again. I noticed that
Tim Sackton: that one's gonna dash. Okay. So
Tim Sackton: they're gonna get 2 group attacks.
Tim Sackton: one against Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: that's going to be a
Tim Sackton: 20, some 26 to hit something like that.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna hit. And you take 6 points of necrotic damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who's you.
Mike Sackton: Ketzel?
Tim Sackton: And then that's gonna be a 26 to hit.
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna be 6 points in the chronic damage to reason. And that's risen's turn.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm gonna use my skirmish her to move away from these guys.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Oh, and risen because you start your turn within 5 feet of 3 or more shades you have to make wisdom saving. Throw
Kate Sackton: easy 15 savings
Tim Sackton: you are fine. You're not frightened of them.
Kate Sackton: No good.
Kate Sackton:  It's just an action. I it's just an action that I have as an attack.
Kate Sackton: Is it like limited? And how many times I can do this? It's channel divinity.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you might want to say.
Tim Sackton: I think you have 2, but you get them back on short rest. So
Kate Sackton: yeah.
Kate Sackton: yeah, I'll just go with it. I'm gonna
Kate Sackton: present one of my beloved holy symbols and prayer against these undead.
Kate Sackton: who might recognize me from previous
Kate Sackton: encounters?
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as you hold up your your holy symbol.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
UU Church of Boulder: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: Amazing! All but 3 of them vanish in a puff of holy smoke.
6 months!
Tim Sackton: Terrified of the dwarf
Tim Sackton: Kenza! You're up. You need to make a wisdom saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: where you been all this time is when, damn! Why, there's not free within 5 feet of him. These are minions next to me now, right? Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright, I'll I'll just kill him really fast. Alright, yeah. 26.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't use any key, by the way. Well, damage, if you will, higher than 8, it kills 2 of them.
Mike Sackton: but you can move in between attacks. It's just run over and kill the other one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, III did more than 8, both times.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah. So that kills presuming. I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your first attack kills 2 of them, and then your second attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kills that one. Yeah. Kills that one. Yup.
Tim Sackton: making quick work of the shade dealt with. What are you gonna do?
Mike Sackton: Oh, I'm up. These guys haven't even moved.
Tim Sackton: They are. They rolled absolutely last. What are they?
Tim Sackton: They're specters.
Mike Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: How far away are they? Let's see, I can't get in.
Mike Sackton: I can't get a melee range, so I may as well
Mike Sackton: wait. Seeker's gonna go. You guys gonna go. Then they're gonna go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna try slowing them down.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't bother. I'm gonna run away a bit. and then
Mike Sackton: I will. Just I'll just blast them. Why not
Mike Sackton:  first attack.
Mike Sackton: I assume a 30 hits
Tim Sackton: Yup
Mike Sackton: for 1 point of damage.
Second attack.
Mike Sackton: it's for 9 points of damage there.
Mike Sackton: So hits for 13 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: So that was 23 damage total, 23. Force damage
Tim Sackton: that kills this one, or whichever one that you're aiming at. So wherever it's closest, the closest one
Tim Sackton: seeker you're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I was. I was gonna try using slow. But you don't think that's a good idea, Mike. They're pretty weak. I use no higher than second level spells here. Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a first level spell. I can just
Mike Sackton: catapult at them. The catapults great. They're wind up for you. So if you miss the first one it will hit the second one.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I pick up a handy piece of vintage Vindosterana's native basalt
Eric Rosenbaum:  and
Eric Rosenbaum: at a pulse at First level.
Tim Sackton: the first one double checking stacks does succeed. the second one fails.
Mike Sackton: That's 13 bludgeoning. That's not quite enough to kill it. You should also run away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, yeah, I will. Go over next to you, I guess. Over here. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Now, they're gonna close in
Tim Sackton:  this one is gonna move up and attack Kenzo. No.
Tim Sackton: this one is gonna
Tim Sackton: Dash. Oh, they've got a 50 foot fly. This one's gonna move.
Tim Sackton: pop! It attack Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
Mike Sackton: do any bonus actions to defend that you? Oh, that you could use to defend yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I dash, or
Tim Sackton: a 15
Mike Sackton: and a 20? So I think only the 20 hits. Well, it's not your turn. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, I've A/C 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so one hits make a constitution saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
Tim Sackton: Okay? You take 7 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: that's it. So this is only 12
Tim Sackton: that ends their turn. Welby is up next.
UU Church of Boulder: You know, if you go through one of the ones that is in front of Kenza, the one directly above.
UU Church of Boulder: So I'll fix it in.
Mike Sackton: You'll kill it.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, just for the sake of argument, let's find out
Mike Sackton: that was a crap, did you? You didn't roll critic. That's not the credit. That's just the regular damage. You need. Another 76
Eric Rosenbaum: yup
Mike Sackton: plus another 86
UU Church of Boulder: oops.
Tim Sackton: Alright. Another 80 s.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What am I doing wrong here? Type a slash
Mike Sackton: slash roll? Not just role. Yeah.
Got it.
Mike Sackton: 27.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay, that one's dead.
Mike Sackton: We've we've got 3 critics so far in this combat. We're gonna all roll ones against gross guys.
Tim Sackton: Risen.
Tim Sackton: You're muted, Kate.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. Too many things to click.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna
Kate Sackton: pretend those next
Mike Sackton: I mean, Kenzo can finish them off, or you could step forward and just smack.
Mike Sackton: Okay, sacred flame. I was gonna sacred Flame.
Tim Sackton: No. Hit it with your hammer.
Kate Sackton: Okay, fine. I'll hit it with my hammer.
Tim Sackton: Your hammer does more damage than sacred flame. It does. You do like
Kate Sackton: they're flying creatures. It's hard for me to understand where they are
Kate Sackton: or not. No, they're they just they just attack Kenya down on the ground.
Mike Sackton: Kanye on mute.
Kate Sackton: So yes, I hit them with my hammer here.
Kate Sackton: That's there's the thing I have to click right. That's just
oh, I do have to click something. I forget how to
Kate Sackton: not cast spell.
Kate Sackton: Sorry I haven't played it in a while.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why's why's that?
Kate Sackton: I hit the this thing.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
alright.
Kate Sackton: And then I do damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But you also have to add 3D. 8.
Tim Sackton: Well, anyway, that kills that
Kate Sackton: Kanye. Yeah, like my brother.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I'll fuck this last dude up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  what. I'm all the one that sucks
Eric Rosenbaum: cool. Try again.
Mike Sackton: Try again. 2 attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this one hits 24.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait! Could I inspire the first one, or is it not? It's not worth it doesn't matter. Yeah. 10 damage. And then unarmed strike. Don't forget to add your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is 4 plus another one before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that other, another 2.
Mike Sackton: So 2221 total. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: yeah, that is enough to kill that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah. So yeah.
Tim Sackton: the wraiths. This round of wraiths did, anyway. Still 300 feet above the battlefield.
Tim Sackton: Looking around.
Tim Sackton: and you can see. I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's not like the you know. The army is
Tim Sackton: completely defeated, right? Like they're, you know. A number of them died from this destruction of this massive siege weapon. But
Tim Sackton: the walls of the city are still down, and there's dozens more spectres and shades and rays that have been flying over the city
Tim Sackton: that are beginning to head in your direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we still have sleet storm up for the rest of the sleet storm up for another 45 s or so, which is, take it straight up. What do you think, guys?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's grush? Where's grush?
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Can we tell like, are they flying towards any? Is there any like messengers we can follow or anything?
UU Church of Boulder: Bobby's gonna pull out his spyglass and survey the battlefield?
Tim Sackton:  so you can see around this area where the
Tim Sackton: so there's the, there's the trebuchet which is now in ruins. And then there's these like lines of trenches where all these dogs are, and then up on a little bit hill
Tim Sackton: you can see standing there watching the scene
Tim Sackton: grosch with his
Tim Sackton: glave shadows clinging to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's fucking go.
Mike Sackton: They can't probably 800 feet away. Something like that. Let's just yes, I think we should go. But, like.
Mike Sackton: what's our? What's our plan.
UU Church of Boulder: What if we box them in with like a cube of stone
UU Church of Boulder: like use? Wall of stone, cause II feel like there's the fight with him. But then there's also the avoiding thousands of people coming to kill us at the same time. Wall of fire that they can't come into that we want inside the wall. One wall is fire, one wall is stone, and one wall is the ship itself.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we reek is the ship, can can he fly? We could. If he's stuck inside a wall of fire, I could just drop a sickening radiance in and see how many rounds he can
Mike Sackton: make his saving pros. I mean he won't die, but like it could hurt him a fair bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: How close to it to get to that
Mike Sackton: 120 feet.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he might be able to fly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's
UU Church of Boulder: who's around the items.
Tim Sackton: There's not nobody really around him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck! Some illusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm. Is that fake brush.
Eric Rosenbaum: How can we?
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're looking at him from 800 feet away to a spyglass. How would you know
Tim Sackton: I'm very good at looking at things.
Tim Sackton: Perception check with disadvantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I inspired that.
Tim Sackton: That is the lowest I can roll. That's the role that's the lowest he can roll. It's not that good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23 is great.
Kate Sackton:  that's well, having a bad day. Look fake, I mean. The only thing you maybe notice is that the
Tim Sackton: this cloak that he's wearing like there seems to be shadows moving around like almost moving independently of him around the cloak.
Tim Sackton: Is that an illusion? Is that a magic item. Is that just a trick of the spyglass? It's hard to say.
UU Church of Boulder: Are those his lieutenants like that's okay.
UU Church of Boulder: Let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can we? Can we? Can we teleport him. Can we like move him around someplace? Can we like go bloop, blip like would be great is like, have this battle on the ship.
Let's just invite crush over
Eric Rosenbaum: broom.
Mike Sackton: You are party animal.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So, Tim, last thing of perception.
Ben lets me see invisible.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna look through the spyglass again.
Mike Sackton: Anything invisible working around there? Nope.
Mike Sackton: still useful. Keep it up. Is there any kind of fortification on the hill with him, or he's just like standing there by himself.
Tim Sackton: It seems just to be kind of watching. I mean, there's like a
Tim Sackton: you know, it's the desert right. There's like a stone arch that he's sort of standing underneath, just kind of looking out at the battlefield. There's a few like little bits of
Tim Sackton: like hill and and and rubble, but not critical critical detail, Tim and and while we see the ring, and is it on the same, finger in hand that we remember doing
Tim Sackton: so little bit far away to see a ring, even with well, use
Tim Sackton: amazing eyesight.
Mike Sackton: I mean. we could cast clairvoyance
Mike Sackton: that crazy.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think speed. I think speed is the key here, cause there are other enemies inbound. Rush has seen everything that's happened so far, like, I think we just need to go. Quick, quick, quick! Into him! What's the what's the what's the landing plan
Eric Rosenbaum: low above him, and box him in around it, or park next to him and box him in around the sides.
Mike Sackton: I mean. for example, do we want to be invisible?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, there's no point involved, right?
Mike Sackton: Or maybe makes you harder to hit. You don't know that he can see it visible. I mean, he might be able to see it visible
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: seekers driving. and feel slightly safer with the ship parked directly on top
Eric Rosenbaum: frame of grush.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great, and parking on the ground, where things can climb up, or whatever agree, totally agree. Why do we want to keep the ship in the sky? I mean.
Mike Sackton: yes.
Mike Sackton: just have a bad feeling about this. But okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: same word. Well, what what else can we do to to? It's a trap. It's obviously a trap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we? How do we not fall for the trap?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's I could clairvoyance him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see that
Eric Rosenbaum: on the way. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: how quickly does video strategy move
Mike Sackton: 800 feet
Tim Sackton: like a minute.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so a minute while telling, does clairvoyance take to death? Is it a 10 min spell, or up when I have 10 min?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, augury, augury, augury, augury, augury? Should we? Should we go to the. Should we do this? Should we? Should we? Should we drag the ship or scratch like we are, should we, and like, box them in and sec him. Should we do awesome
Tim Sackton:  could be good could be bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not. It's not as a trap.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? It's not just like a hundred percent bad definitely bad. So
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're welcome to do anything you want. But
Mike Sackton: if you delay more than a couple of minutes, you're gonna have to deal with another random. No, no, we're flying towards gosh! While we're having this conversation we have 1 min.
Mike Sackton: I'm just thinking
Eric Rosenbaum: so, Seeker saying to the others. Where should I be? Should I just try to like get the whole like a foot above his head? Or
Mike Sackton: if if this is really the fight with grosch. It seems like it might be worth
Mike Sackton: casting some crap. Styles
Mike Sackton: is all I'm thinking.
Mike Sackton: Where do you?
Mike Sackton: I mean? The best I could do is visibility. I don't know if other people have stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did did you say I could use a third level spell slot to do the animation?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. so I can. I can bring the ladder up.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I should do that now
right? Because that's 1 h.
Tim Sackton: It lasts for an hour. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, we bring the letter up, and I can use a third level slot
Kate Sackton: check. I mean, if we're worried that they're gonna be secret. You know, accessory people messing with our battle, even though we think we will be boxing him off with some sort of wall
Kate Sackton: I could do well depending on who's doing. If I'm doing the wall. Then that's a concentration spell, and I can't also do another concentration spell. If secrets doing a wall is stone instead of a wall of fire. Was that an option? Wait? Sorry? Why?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, I can do. Wall of stone. I could also make it on fire if necessary. But
Eric Rosenbaum: well, I'm still gonna be the default
Kate Sackton: just cause. If I do fire, then I can't do other concentrations. Don't spells while I'm in there fighting
Mike Sackton: right? I would save your concentration spells. I think
Kate Sackton: that's what I'm sort of asking seeker if that makes sense with what he has left in terms of spell slots and concentration.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I should probably not use wall of stones, so I can do
Eric Rosenbaum: well. Is that true other stuff? I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is where I'm like, not that great at the actual strategy.
Eric Rosenbaum: wall of stone might be closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wall of stone is probably our best bet, Tim. I'm just looking at the glove when I animate the ladder, I can expend a charge
Eric Rosenbaum: to make it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will use the
Eric Rosenbaum: oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: the fire one to make it do fire damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: so the letter is like
Eric Rosenbaum: glowing within her fire this time.
Mike Sackton:  The other thing is
Mike Sackton: not have a
Mike Sackton: we haven't actually used our refresh, short rest feature yet. White earth.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: if I don't have anything better to do, I can just give everybody 25. Let's see 1, 2, 3,
Mike Sackton: or I can give
2 people. 25 temporary hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that costs 3 charges, though
Kate Sackton: I mean Kenso and I both took damage. Did anybody else take damage?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nope, yeah, I think some damage.
Kate Sackton: But I mean, I was just thinking I was gonna have to check it wrong at some point. But I guess that's an oh itself. Never mind, I can't do that. I can only do it for myself.
Mike Sackton: I forgot that it was self.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if you want to cast a spell, and then quickly, do your 1 min surgery. Adrenaline certainly can.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's not even worth it. I can get a slot back with my rod of the pack key, right? Anybody need to ride the ladder because I can make it really fast. And I mean, are we gonna fly like we're landing instead of flying?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm staying on the ship.
Kate Sackton: We're hovering above him that we do have to get dropping a wall stuff.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, dropping a Wellow stone. By.
Mike Sackton: I could. I could guess I could guess. Fly fly last for 10 min.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. We if we want to be able to fly.
Mike Sackton: But then I can't also cast the visibility.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't worry about invisibility.
Mike Sackton: We think flies better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we lose it as soon as the attack right? Invisibility. So we're just gonna
Mike Sackton: we're we're coming out of in a giant stone ship. It's not like I said.
UU Church of Boulder: The only question. Yeah. In an ideal world you're all in melee in the first round exactly of the advantage that I'll give you hopefully.
Mike Sackton: So I mean, the advantage of fly is, that's a 60 foot flying speed. So that's actually just good from a movement perspective too, totally totally well. Also, once we're in a in a long weapon range, let's start fucking, shooting arrows and ultras and shit like that and see see what happens. Actually, that actually be good cause we see him like started getting like wounded and shit not like it's vanishing like. Then we'll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna wait. I'm gonna wait to take my haste, my haste until
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's obvious that it's actually him, you know, as we're getting closer like, let's just continue to monitor like, does it really look like him? Is it him? And in fact, I'll Tim, I'll soul cite. I'll just kinda be. I'll just kind of like be focusing ultra presence on him. And like he's gotta be like fucking super dark and evil, and also because of the homo to thing like I have a sense like, I actually have a pretty intimate sense of his, just for simplicity rather than him, using his 120 foot ability that you using.
Tim Sackton: you're 120 foot abilities. Let's just start
Mike Sackton: combat at some distance. Yeah, that could be a hundred 20 feet.
Kate Sackton: Oh, fuck.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that would be one advantage of it. Visibility is that potentially we could get in a little bit closer before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? Okay.
Mike Sackton: but I can't do fly and invisibility. So if we're doing invisibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who, if you all one of us guys, Eric.
Tim Sackton: just confirming if you're like concentrating on vintage, Jarna, so you can see out from it. That's concentration. So you can't then also cast a concentration spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: plus. I can't do the wall of stone thing.
Tim Sackton: Well, you could do it. If you're just standing on the you can still control it. But the like become the ship, and perceive from any point on the surface
Mike Sackton: requires concentration. our ice daggers are 300.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should definitely spend a fucking charge on that.
Mike Sackton: Now, like the whatever the thing, we only have limited charges on. Let's fucking do that now. It's one action, right? I'd spend all 3 charges and send charges already.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, I'd spend the last 2 charges to spend 20 to spend 12 iced arrows, arrows at him.
Mike Sackton: Alright! We should probably just start combat at 300 feet. Right? That makes the most sense right
Mike Sackton: cause, then it doesn't get confusing.
Kate Sackton: whatever that means. Yes.
Mike Sackton: the last question, though again
Mike Sackton: we could all be. I feel like invisibility and fly would let us
Mike Sackton: come in at 4 points
Mike Sackton: not bunched up. and he wouldn't necessarily be. I just can't do both of them.
Kate Sackton: Somebody did like a can we fly
Kate Sackton: inventory earlier? And I feel like the answer was, we don't have enough flying capacity
Eric Rosenbaum: if we add the ladder to that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, unless one of us rides Buck Beak.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo can fly. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but it can fly while we can fly. We have to blow. The whistle. Is that loud.
Tim Sackton: very loud.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's continuous while you blow it. No man
Eric Rosenbaum: that's cool.
Mike Sackton: So well be the only one who can actually usefully fly
Mike Sackton: sad way. and the waters and the wad. I think maneuverability is probably better than I think. Fly is better than
Mike Sackton: right.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, make up your mind.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: because hosing in on 300 feet.
Mike Sackton: Everybody. I can only give it to 3 people.
Mike Sackton: but I guess there's no point in giving it to
Mike Sackton: Kenzo cause. If he's visible he may as well be loud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: right? So resin seeker deal with can fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm staying on the ship. I'm not flying. Wow!
Mike Sackton: You can fly if you need to. For some particular reason. You have now the ability
Mike Sackton: that reason could be run away.
Tim Sackton: And how close are you getting the ship?
Mike Sackton: Well, I guess we'll see right now. The ship is 300 feet away, and I mean I think we should be. We should be circling and coming in from 4 different directions. I don't think we should be bunched up and giving him one click. So so at 3, even further than 300 feet, some of us should start flying out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to come in at multiple directions. Yes, and seekers seekers doing offensive capabilities with the with the iphone. So so seeker you are in charge of landing the ship on him and dropping a box so that he can't escape.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to need to consult with you, so that because I won't be able to see where he is. What you can tell me relative to the ship, and I'll put the box.
Mike Sackton: We have telepathy
Eric Rosenbaum: exactly. Why can't you see
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the hiding inside the ship? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but you could. You might have to come out to the deck seeker to like, participate in the battle.
Mike Sackton: It's been hiding in the middle of a ship. I'll I'll be up on deck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just normally, Kong. I can see out the bottom of the ship, because, like the ship is a giant eyeball for me. But
Eric Rosenbaum: just there's that
Eric Rosenbaum: can see plumage back to Alicia.
Tim Sackton: Stop everybody role initiative. As Rosh, standing seemingly by himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turns to look at this by himself. Hate that
Tim Sackton: massive ship
Tim Sackton: coming in on top of them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just like.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: seeker is 16 will be
Tim Sackton: is 23
Tim Sackton: dealt with is
Mike Sackton: 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And what was Kenzel?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: okay, well, be 23.
Tim Sackton:  okay. So as you close in.
Tim Sackton: 300 feet away. watching.
Tim Sackton: I assume you launch. Nobody's doing anything. But
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, no! We launched the daggers.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're flying right? So we're not actually
UU Church of Boulder: good.
UU Church of Boulder: Starting 300 feet away neutralizes the advantage thing for me which may not make a difference. But do we want to start closer.
Mike Sackton: you mean, because it's your first
UU Church of Boulder: attacking first round in combat. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: gives everybody advantage. It's pretty stern.
Mike Sackton: Well, but I mean, what is that isn't that. Can't we declare that the combat starts when we come into?
Tim Sackton: That's what I wanted to do. And you wanted to do all these long range. You can't have it both ways. Well, but
Mike Sackton: it seems unrealistic that we can't ambush him and also shoot ice arrows. That doesn't.
Mike Sackton: I just thought it would be start further out. Just so we don't lose track of.
Mike Sackton: I think we also started further out because of the ice arrows like went whizzing through some illusion
Mike Sackton: we would know it was an illusion. Are you saying we can't take advantage of ambush, or just because we're shooting the ice arrows at 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: II mean.
Tim Sackton: that would be that would be according to the rules. Yes.
Tim Sackton: right. You've all initiative. Your, you know your first well, these first rounds are not ambushing. They're
Tim Sackton: waiting.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's how that's how the feature is written.
Tim Sackton:  I don't.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: right. It's a little tricky, because
Tim Sackton: like I don't think it makes sense for you to just like do a bunch of stuff before initiative happens right? I mean that
Tim Sackton: II would be happy to allow the Iceros, and then you position yourself wherever you are in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think the intention. Use our 60 foot fly speeds to get
Mike Sackton: to groch as fast as possible
Mike Sackton: from 4 different. It's just that we want to be coming in from 3 different directions. But our goal was to is to. I mean, I think we were all gonna dash such that we get there as quick as possible.
Mike Sackton: That was the right like we're not
Mike Sackton: the only thing we would be doing at
Mike Sackton: before. I mean, the only thing we'd be doing is moving and shooting, not actually
Mike Sackton: not shooting. I mean, I wasn't gonna do elges blast or anything like that, right? Like I was just gonna dash.
Tim Sackton: That's fine. We can run the we can do the ice arrows pre initiative.
Mike Sackton: And you can. Just we can say role initiative. When you're wherever you want to be
Tim Sackton: relative, you can put yourselves on the map. or do I have to drag you out.
Tim Sackton: But Groch can also do something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Mike Sackton: we're we're zooming about, flying towards them as fast as possible. Does everybody have a 60 foot fly speed.
Mike Sackton: and so we should ideally start 60 feet away from him, so that we could. All
Mike Sackton: Tim's letting us pick when we declare initiative starts right.
Tim Sackton: So go ahead and do the guys attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, ice daggers. That's
Tim Sackton: So from you guys, you guys are all
Tim Sackton: crying. basically saying, seekers started in combat, but nobody else has yet.
Tim Sackton: So you're all flying in as the ice daggers go flying towards. Gosh.
Tim Sackton: as he's standing there. seemingly just waiting for you
Eric Rosenbaum: by roll 80, 20 again.
Tim Sackton:  well, how many is it per per action?
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, yeah. Roll 80, 20,
Eric Rosenbaum: Schwartz. Here we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not at all
Mike Sackton: to choose is not ideal. I don't know when it takes to hit him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5 of those hit should hit.
Tim Sackton: You're plus 10 right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Spell attack is plus 10. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: said 5 of them. Yep. And so I roll a 2D. 6 for each. So 10 d 6
Tim Sackton: yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: 35.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as the ice eras drop.
Kate Sackton: fly into him
Tim Sackton: suddenly in response. a giant cloud of darkness appears.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: And he stands somewhere in the darkness waiting for you.
Mike Sackton: Everybody create daylight. Does anybody have the daylight spell? The drift lobes do it? Let's do it.
Mike Sackton: Daylight seems usable.
Kate Sackton: I mean I was gonna shoot at 5 foot wide. Blasted sunlight, Adam. So that creates lightness.
Kate Sackton: Does that as combat begins? Well be?
UU Church of Boulder: Can I hold my attack until someone else tosses a daylight in there.
Mike Sackton: I'll do that. So as the trigger, as soon as daylight goes up. Where is everybody? I thought we were trying to come in it from different spots instead of all. Just you are on the deck of the ship. Is that the idea?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're like 80 60 feet off, 80 feet up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, what's the range of while it's done?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good question.
Kate Sackton: presumably not further up than that
Eric Rosenbaum: 1 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: where the ship is pretty low, so that I can be in range.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So the bottom of the ship, the ship is probably what
Tim Sackton: 30 feet from hall to deck. So the ship is what?
Tim Sackton: 60 feet up. Something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Well, B. Is holding of the tack.
Tim Sackton: that is Welby's turn.
Tim Sackton: I have to have all my notes up, and you are all with the moment.
Mike Sackton: II don't. I'm trying to understand where everybody is. Are we are we? Actually, I put deal with far away from everybody else. We actually trying to scatter.
Mike Sackton: That's what you said. So I'm on the other side of him from you. Okay, I'm on the ship. So yeah, so should probably go to the other side.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, kind of come at him from like the back.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, I mean, I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and the latter
Eric Rosenbaum: makes the frontal attack perfect.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, heroically and actually, we.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're not open that fast.
Mike Sackton: That was where you right here at the top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I see, okay, perfect. Right up here. Okay, nice. Yeah. This is this is, I mean, I feel like, we're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really yeah. So
Tim Sackton: flying out of the
Tim Sackton: of the darkness
Tim Sackton: towards
Tim Sackton: there's that measuring thing
Tim Sackton:  towards Kenzo there is a
Tim Sackton: fault of blackness.
Tim Sackton: and that's a 19 to hit.
Tim Sackton: and you take
Tim Sackton:  23 points of necrotic damage.
What?
Tim Sackton: And your hit point maximum is reduced by the same amount.
Mike Sackton: Shut the fuck up, that's rough.
Eric Rosenbaum: 23
Mike Sackton: wounds that do not heal
Tim Sackton: to Kenzo, or sorry to to well be.
Tim Sackton:  I
Tim Sackton: make our wisdom saving. Throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this black chain wraps around your arms.
Tim Sackton: all your damage, all the damage you do from attacks is reduced by half. Wait! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on!
Mike Sackton: Is he casting a spell?
Tim Sackton: Well, you can't see him. He's in dark
UU Church of Boulder: you get. You can write inspiration.
Mike Sackton: you can probably too far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you doing this to
Mike Sackton: what's the range like 90 feet away? Range 60 feet, I think. Alright. Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You can choose to end this effect by failing a death saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, if you're reduced to 0 hip points with 3 failed death saving throws you die immediately.
UU Church of Boulder: Do I need to use an action to choose to fail it, saving through. It's just a chain just wraps around your heart instead of your arms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool! Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do it, Pop. I can resurrect you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I'm death warded.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Tim Sackton: I mean, another path is gonna fly towards dealt with, that is
Tim Sackton: 16 that misses
and
Mike Sackton:  We should have given out a few bartic inspirations before the combat.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they work reactively now, don't they? They do. It's kind of both.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I guess, by waiting to give it out till somebody fails. Then it's
Eric Rosenbaum: right. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: that ends Brush's turn Dow with its opt.
Mike Sackton: Oh, cause wellbe health action. Umhm. I want somebody.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna I'm gonna Kenza. Where did
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I roll the 10 initiative? Yeah, okay, that's what I thought.
Mike Sackton: ultra day looks good. Yeah. II want, I want. Wait. Yeah, I want to do the same. Wait for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait for this man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, me? I I also want to wait for daylight.
UU Church of Boulder: You have a Driscoll?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do, but I don't want to waste resonance options.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright!
Kate Sackton: A beam of brilliant light flashes from my hand in a 60 foot line that's 5 feet wide. So I'm hoping somewhere in there I might hit into this darkness. I can't be guaranteed to know exactly where he is, but I'm
Kate Sackton: taken a while. You're certainly going to dispel the darkness.
Tim Sackton: Is that a what does the spell description say?
Tim Sackton: You put it in a roll? 20 chat.
Kate Sackton: Does that say a target? Does it just say a beam shoots in a line?
Kate Sackton: It says, a beam shoots in a line. Each creature in the line makes a con saving throw. Blah blah blah. I get to keep making lions all the time.
Kate Sackton: and there's a duration. Brilliant gradient shines
for 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and just draw the line.
Tim Sackton: I put grosch on the DM.
Kate Sackton: Sorry
Kate Sackton: drying things.
Kate Sackton: Me drawing a line with with like a just use. The ruler
Kate Sackton: this the ruler. Like, I don't know what I'm doing
UU Church of Boulder: this way.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, just that in the middle.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's 4, 3. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: that didn't hold it there for a sec. I can't tell if it's which squares is passing through.
Tim Sackton: It also creates persistent light.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: in any of those squares.
Tim Sackton: He is not in any of those squares.
Kate Sackton: but the darkness disappears
Tim Sackton: just off by one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and now we can see him.
Tim Sackton: Now you can see him. Yes, why can't
Tim Sackton: get rid of this darkness.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the darkness disappears. and as the darkness disappears everybody's who's holding their attacks can make their attacks
UU Church of Boulder: alright. Well, B. Does a death save it takes steady aim, and treats and uses all 4 charges of the
UU Church of Boulder: Let me boast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, guys. Remember we have to chop his hand. Off
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we have to go. That's the first thing we got to do. We had to go fucking, chuck his hand out the eye and resurrect himself right and do the shit all over again.
Mike Sackton: But he has to be weak to chop his hand off
UU Church of Boulder: shit even with advantage.
Tim Sackton: Fire and values.
Mike Sackton: You're not close enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration, inspiration.
Mike Sackton: You gotta just but fly. You can fly so that you can fly around to this side of them. So you're close enough to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm just out of bed while he can move before he makes his attack.
Mike Sackton: Oh, not if you're aiming, not that's annoying. Okay.
Mike Sackton: so Delwich will fly
Mike Sackton: towards him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I will. Bonus action mark of the Hunter hymn.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: And then I'm gonna cast mental prison on him.
Tim Sackton: He is immune to charm
Mike Sackton: seriously.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we now, now we know.
Kate Sackton: are useful.
Kate Sackton: He wasn't. Oh, we thought he was. He's a music charm. Oh, did we not soul-sight him.
Mike Sackton: I thought.
Mike Sackton: Thank you
UU Church of Boulder: weren't close enough.
Mike Sackton: Kenza hasn't come up in an initiative yet. Oh, I should have waited!
Tim Sackton: That brings up seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the wall of stone plan is no longer relevant. We don't need to box anybody out or anybody. And I'm gonna well, I mean, he still has an entire army that could come
Kate Sackton: after us if we don't put up some sort of wall. So I think the answer is 120. I'm in range
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right now. It feels like we should fuck him up and try to get the ring off of this thing.
Kate Sackton: Oh, yes, but I just don't want to be distracted from fucking him up by being attacked by
Kate Sackton: 2,000 semi-tarical undead?
Eric Rosenbaum: Does psychic glance increase damage at higher levels? It does. Okay. I cast
Eric Rosenbaum: psychic glance at sixth level.
Kate Sackton: All right, but if hordes start coming after us, then drop a wall.
Kate Sackton: keep an eye out for boards.
Eric Rosenbaum: So from the deck of the ship. I launch a beam of bright light from my forehead directly at grosch
Tim Sackton: well, be you feel the chain release from your heart as he succeeds the saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. concentration! You're saying
UU Church of Boulder: I thought the chain released when I failed, my death safe
Mike Sackton: the the failed death save is unfailed.
Mike Sackton: You. You no longer found the chains to use his legendary resistance.
Mike Sackton: The death save was, you're going to fail a desk save the first time you went to 0. You hadn't now you don't.
Tim Sackton: And then at the end of
Eric Rosenbaum: so he took half to each. you took half damage. Yeah. Oh, ladder!
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: so the latter only has a 30 foot speed. So to get to garage, it has to dash, I guess.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's just gonna get right up in Grash's face.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: it is glowing within. So
Tim Sackton: at the end of
Tim Sackton: go between me and gosh.
Eric Rosenbaum: are you requesting that? Yeah. Can we do that.
Mike Sackton: Why not? I'll circle around if I need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't touch it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I won't touch the latter. Okay, at the end of  speaker's turn a swarm of shadows peels off from Brush's cloak
Tim Sackton: and begins
Tim Sackton: and begins hovering
Tim Sackton: around him.
Tim Sackton: and as the ladder flies in the ladder has to make a constitution saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: as the shadow
Tim Sackton: warriors attack.
Mike Sackton: Where are the shadow warriors?
Tim Sackton: Yes, entire radius, the gray circle?
Mike Sackton: Oh, sorry! Why can't you see that?
Tim Sackton: Can you see it now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. A good fun, Dell with your in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Tim Sackton: that's just surrounded with shadows. That's just shadow warriors darting in and out of there. Okay, Roger succeeds. Takes no damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was the first twice back then. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: and then attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the opportunity attack.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that brings up Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So I am hasted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I'm gonna go. And well, first, I'm gonna soul site.
Tim Sackton: Sorry
Tim Sackton: spending a key resistance to cold damage
Eric Rosenbaum: immune to necrotic and poison.
Tim Sackton: and he's immune to blinded, charmed, deafened, frightened, and poisoned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what about highest and lowest.
Mike Sackton: Eddie?
Tim Sackton: I presume there's no weak he has no weaknesses, he has no weaknesses. Strength.
Tim Sackton: Dx and Int are as lowest.
Kate Sackton: Alright he! So he wouldn't be blinded by brilliantly in his face.
Tim Sackton: He wouldn't be blinded by by brilliant light, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright I am now gonna pasted just like fucking. Pack the fuck out of this dude.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so let me get up in on this bitch.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as you fly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when you get within 10 feet of him. First of all, as soon as you enter the grey circle make a constitution saving. Fuck, I hate this. I don't like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: natural 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you do not take any damage, and when you get within 10 feet of him. His blade swings down
Tim Sackton: also a natural 20,
Eric Rosenbaum: and you take
Tim Sackton: dice roller for this
Tim Sackton: you take.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, fuck.
Tim Sackton: 36 34 points of damage.
and
Tim Sackton: you're cut with a wound.
Tim Sackton:  the first time each. Your speed is reduced by 5 feet, which doesn't matter. It goes from like a hundred 1 billion to a hundred 1 billion when it's 5.
Tim Sackton: But the first time that you willingly move on your turn
Tim Sackton: you take damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is this another situation where it's like. Now, my Max, hit points are are reduced. This move doesn't, doesn't trigger the the wound. How much damage was that again?
Tim Sackton: 34. I think I said
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jesus Christ.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I'm like pretty fucking wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  We healed ourselves right like. the ones right, Kate, when we're when we were like coming in like the ones like me, and you had taken some damage. We healed ourselves before we came here into this whole situation
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? I was pretty sure that I was only 20 hit points, but it'll mean a lot for me at this point. Alright. So I've got 40 40 points right. I'm not at 2040 points. Alright. I will. Now, I will. Now, yeah, like, attack them like 5 times and hopefully do some damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yeah, so let's do. First.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  staff attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 25.
Tim Sackton: That hits 18 A/C
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice. Okay? 14. Now there's a second fast. Stop.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You have 24 that hits again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another 13 damage. This is good. I'm gonna do a third staff attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay, how much damage have you done so far?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ii d10, shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my 27, this is, and then I'll do. 2 on arm strikes.
Mike Sackton: Can you do a stunning strike or no?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. What's the intelligence one. Let me see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do something. Yeah. Oh, yeah. His crap at int do something with int, yeah. What's his? What's the what's the intelligence? One, Tim, if you know
Tim Sackton: charm, which is what that one that one doesn't trigger charm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But alright! Well, I'll send you a contrived.
Tim Sackton: You can try Stone. He's also mute to frighten you, which you've used, which you've also used to great effect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so. But Stun stun does work or does not work
Tim Sackton: it. You can try it. He has a pretty decent con, save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll try it. Why, the fuck not 23
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I had some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that's a stunning strike, and then, the damage is gonna be seek
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3, 29 on his save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that's another another
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was that 10 damage, Tim? And then my last unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  1818 hits. Right? 18 just hits. Yup. Okay? And the last image is 9 plus
Tim Sackton: 13. That's pretty fucking. Sweeta 13. Yeah, I mean, Kenzo flies in and you're you're pummeling him. I mean he's not
Tim Sackton: is not. Wait, wait, wait, wait, Tim, and as I'm doing all this shit where the fuck is this ring like where I'm like, I'm just. I'm holding his clave. It's you see it on his hand. It's on one of the hands that's holding the glave, which hand, left hand, right hand, which finger, right hand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which finger
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  index, pointer finger. All right, Penzo Kenzo, is like
Eric Rosenbaum: that brings up wellbeing. Lock the fuckin on that finger. Nice.
UU Church of Boulder: alright.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, be for a second time hopefully the greater effect, and take steady aim at this guy will be at at his wrist.
Mike Sackton: That's better.
Tim Sackton: that's that's a lot better. Alright.
Tim Sackton: as the arrow pierces his cloak of shadows. How much? Damage? 33, 33. As the arrow pierces his cloak of shadows. The latter and Kenzo both takes 7 points into chronic damage.
Tim Sackton: I don't blast from this cloak
Tim Sackton: of shadows flies out towards
Tim Sackton: Wellbe. Make a strength saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, strength. That's that's my good one. Sorry. How many points? 12%,
Eric Rosenbaum: 7, 7
Tim Sackton: 7 for Kenzo, 7 for the letter. You are restrained by the shadows until the end of your next term.
Tim Sackton: That ends Wabi's turn.
Tim Sackton: Gosh! Is gonna turn and look at Dollar with his next. Then riz one.
Tim Sackton: Josh is going to turn and look at
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: and he's gonna stare at you. His eyes at these like points of blue light. Take his glave
Tim Sackton: swing.
Eric Rosenbaum: so happy to be on the deck of the ship right now. Natural one
Eric Rosenbaum: just slips away, and gosh! Looks stunned for a second.
Tim Sackton: How can you move so fast?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I learned from Otuwa.
Mike Sackton: second natural one. Wait seriously.
UU Church of Boulder: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Turns frustrated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then my occurs, my! My Mo. 2 tattoos are like she sees the tattoo on. You make a
Tim Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  like that sixteenth.
Tim Sackton: The chain wraps around you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you're probably still too far.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I bring that ship closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know. I should have done that.
Tim Sackton: but I did not do that so? Oh, like seekers too far. But this is why, no, yeah, we need this. This is this is dumb. We need sneaker closer to this, to this whole thing like you can't hide from the whole.
Mike Sackton: You can. You can.
Mike Sackton: You can fly 60 feet, you can fly 60 feet
Mike Sackton: and then fly away 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: Oh, with the ship, you mean. But then I wouldn't be on the ship.
Tim Sackton: You could still
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: super super all about that.
Tim Sackton: A man
Tim Sackton: as a bonus action
Tim Sackton: teleports next to Wendy.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm on top of the arch. Incidentally.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, but you're within 60 feet of him, right? Because shooting him in the Arrow. You could take that option.
Tim Sackton: I'm that's gonna end his turn
UU Church of Boulder: awesome. I'll use my reaction to move away from that dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're restrained. Your speed is 0
Eric Rosenbaum: change right for
Mike Sackton: Dallas. Luckily I can fly.
Mike Sackton: I'm not landing. I'm just flying
Mike Sackton: above like above him, so I'm like
Mike Sackton: or feet above him, swinging down towards him.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as you enter the radius, make a constitution saving throw
Mike Sackton: that did not succeed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You tech
Tim Sackton: you take 10, 26,
Tim Sackton: 32 points of cold damage.
Mike Sackton: 32. Ouch!
Mike Sackton: That's not good. Well, it doesn't barely hurts me. But that's okay. It takes away my armor box.
Mike Sackton: Now I need to make.
Tim Sackton: and he had his turn. So he gets his reactions back. He is also going to swing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with his wave at you
Tim Sackton: when you come within 10 feet, and that is a 25 to hit
Mike Sackton: by way, do ties, miss, or hit
Tim Sackton: ties hat.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I am going to roll my one d 6
Tim Sackton: swings past, misses.
Tim Sackton: I've
Tim Sackton: shield of ice appears blocking the strike of the glave. He's wounded, he's not. He's not below half health at this point
Tim Sackton: getting close to half-house.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Dallas.
I'm going to cast
Mike Sackton: banishing smite. I don't expect to banish him, nor do I really want to. But I want the 5 d. 10 extra damage. and then I will hit him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But what what's our plan appearing in the ring
Mike Sackton: once he's hurt, I'm gonna cut his hand off.
Tim Sackton: Okay? As you as your blade slashes through the cloak of shadows, you and Wellbe both take
Tim Sackton: 6 points of necrotic damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay, how much damage did you do?
Mike Sackton: I haven't rolled my attack yet.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! That's only if you if you hit wow! 28 heads, and then it's
Mike Sackton: it's 9 plus quite a bit more than that. Hold on.
Mike Sackton: I got the 9. So just tell me what the extra 7, and then 5. So an extra 13
Mike Sackton: 12 extra 12.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's my first attack. Second, wait. Hold on, wait. Yeah. Yeah. Plus
Mike Sackton: was 34,
Mike Sackton: the 12 plus 34 plus 9.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now he is looking.
Tim Sackton: He's looking bloodied.
Mike Sackton: and then there's a 14 to 14 misses. My second attack misses.
Tim Sackton: At the end of
Tim Sackton: Daoist. Turn
Tim Sackton: he, in a puff of smoke
Tim Sackton: turns into shadows and just flies in a big arc, striking everybody within 60 feet of him. Is everybody but seeker with his glave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh! Funny how that works. So
Tim Sackton: that is a 5 on Dellwith.
Mike Sackton: 15 on dow with that misses that misses
Tim Sackton: advantage against Wellbe. That's
UU Church of Boulder: 27. That's it.
Tim Sackton: So well. B. Takes
Tim Sackton:  takes 10
Tim Sackton: the 18 when he
Tim Sackton: 3 23 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can, and dodge.
UU Church of Boulder: So that's 12.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's 12
Tim Sackton: but you still have a wound. So first time you each turn, first time you voluntarily move, you take necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: That is a
Tim Sackton: 16 against resin that's not anywhere close.
Tim Sackton: That is, a 22 against the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Tim Sackton: and that's a 20 against pencil.
Tim Sackton: but I think later, and kins of both have
Eric Rosenbaum: yup
Tim Sackton: ladder pigs.
Tim Sackton:  10.
Tim Sackton: Latter takes 25,
Eric Rosenbaum: 25
Tim Sackton: oof sorry Kenzell.
Tim Sackton: Enzo takes 20
Tim Sackton: 8
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude. I am very badly. I have 9 hip socks.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And the shadow warriors go away as he returns to. Let's see.
Tim Sackton: Hello! Where does he want to end up?
Tim Sackton: No, he's staying next To Wellby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm
Tim Sackton: that was at the end of Dallas turn. So rizwin is up.
Kate Sackton: I know that he's pretty damaged, and we just went double off to cut off his hand. I'm wondering whether I should try to dispel some of this magic that he's using rather than attack him if he's already damaged enough.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: I would I would. Just I don't think we can damage him enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait, wait! No. But once he gets this girl he's gonna go back to full hit points right once. He says his ring.
Tim Sackton: presumably. Do you think he can only do that when he's
Kate Sackton: I mean I'm in no position to actually kill him, damage him, or see if Dispellag does anything. But let's just let's just like eyes on the prize. You need to get the ring off of him like, how does doing more damage to him? Make it easier for us to chop his hand off? Is he badly hurt enough that we could potentially try and chop with him. That's the thing is, you need to do like 80 more hit points of damage to get to that point.
Mike Sackton: Try and do 80 more hip points. Sorry. Just understanding mechanics. Why is once they're badly injured, then you can
Tim Sackton: just the logic of hit points is that they first they wear down your like
Tim Sackton: moral, your like stamina, and your dodging ability. And once you're badly wounded, it's just tough to actually get us done, or an incapacitation to stick, so it wouldn't be very much fun if you had to just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: keep failing over and over again until okay, okay. But but just II get it so so like from a comment like right now, like, you know, Kenza is engaged in hardcore me, or was engaged dodging around like swinging, and once he gets down, he's like sort of moving slowly, like, okay, alright, that sounds good. Yeah. Let's fuck him up some more.
Mike Sackton: Just let's try not to have Kenza die
Eric Rosenbaum: also a good goal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also inevitable in this battle.
Mike Sackton: A result. It's
Kate Sackton: Brisman's turn, right? So as my action, I
Kate Sackton: we generate another line of radiance.
Kate Sackton:  okay.
Kate Sackton: I moved to
Kate Sackton: slightly closer, you know, so that I can do my 60 foot line. That's not moving.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have to click back on the little arrow?
Kate Sackton:  But then.
Kate Sackton: do you want me to draw a line, or can you imagine a line from me to
Mike Sackton: but you can.
Kate Sackton: You could see him now, so it's pretty easy to just.
Tim Sackton: Tim needed me to miss him or not miss him on my own, but now that he's visible, can, now that you can see him, it doesn't matter so much. We'll just assume that I shoot a line straight at him. Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe a little bit to the side, so that I don't hit dealt with with my wait. The shadow damage wasn't cold, was it?
Mike Sackton: It was called? Ow. I would
Mike Sackton: sorry I would have cast absorb elements. I didn't realize it was cold
Kate Sackton: that like, that's his token right? Next to dealt with. Right? Yes, okay, yes. So I'm shooting
Kate Sackton: my to.
Tim Sackton: and that's a constitution saving throw.
Kate Sackton: I put it in the chat
Mike Sackton: and and yet have distribution saving throw Yup.
Kate Sackton: and if he's undead. He has a disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And it's oh, but he can't be blinded. So he just takes damage. He's he's gonna leave the chamber on Capsa's heart.
Mike Sackton: He's mad about the motive thing.
Mike Sackton: Wait. He failed to save.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 68,
Kate Sackton: 68.
Mike Sackton: That's what the Chad said.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I know I'm trying to click into the right app to
Mike Sackton: Kenza's up next right
Tim Sackton: seeker than Kenzo
Tim Sackton: and Rizwin also needs to make a strength saving throw.
Kate Sackton: I don't know other other direction. Other side other type of slash.
Mike Sackton: I did the other type of slash, and it said, unrecognizable, you need a space between after rule. Computers are very smart.
Mike Sackton: They're all very stupid
Mike Sackton: online. Thanks. I just have a pile of dice here. That's probably better. Actually, I'd be tempted to just get out some actual dice. I have a pile of dice right next to me.
UU Church of Boulder: Penza, do you have any way to unrestrain me without like using up your full action or something?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It ends at the end of your term. I will hire you, restrain
Tim Sackton: shadowy riz, when you need to make a strength saving. Throw as well
Mike Sackton: do our fruits of Lester Restoration. That doesn't get rid of these. But I still have a bonus action right? You are also restrained by shadows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey, Tim? Well cleansing touch work to rest, to unrest, to restrain
Tim Sackton:  funds in touch would end restraint. No, I don't think so pretty much the only way you could end. Restraint is like teleport, or just wait till the shadows let you go, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  so is it a magical effect?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, it's just like shadows clinging to your arms. Oh, God, yeah, I can't, really. I can't really. Google makes that sadly.
Kate Sackton: So I can cast spiritual weapons as as a bonus action. Right? Yep.
Kate Sackton: that's the other thing that I'm doing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: see? Could you have any useful spells that would unrestrain a
Oh, Amenabas, whoa!
Kate Sackton: So then do I need to roll to see if that hasn't affect this turn, or is that next turn?
Tim Sackton: Yep, you roll when it appears
Kate Sackton: that 21 that hits. So it does need points of force damage. I hit the I didn't need to do the second thing that I did then.
Mike Sackton: I mean. honestly piling psychic glance at him is not actually a terrible move.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm gonna do. It's seekers term.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will fire a psychic glance
Eric Rosenbaum: at.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a beam capacitation. Basically that. If he's going to burn that
Tim Sackton: chain around
Tim Sackton: Kenza's heart and succeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: So he takes 13 psychic damage, takes 13 points of psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had an idea that I wanted to just quickly consult on. Oh, actually, first of all, I should just move myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I can move the whole ship in order to move myself closer right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I wanted, yes. not straightforward, to track exactly where the ship is, but we assume it's like a bubble around you.
Mike Sackton: You you'd like to be like all the way here, like above us, so that you're 60 feet with as many people as possible. So you can bar to consider
Eric Rosenbaum: so since I'm doing that, the other thing that I'm gonna do is burn a charge on my glove to use its earth elemental effect. encrusting me with a thin crust of earth than stone, and gaining resistance. To
Eric Rosenbaum: what type of damage is are his range attacks cold. He's done cold. He's done slashing. He's done necrotic. He's done
Eric Rosenbaum: necrotic. I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: resistance
Eric Rosenbaum: just till until my next turn resistance product.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's once again gonna try to just get get in close, but probably can't make it to attack right? Yeah, because everybody else has a 60 foot speed. But the ladders.
Mike Sackton: It's 30. Yeah, it's it's more ladder.
Mike Sackton: This is a real second class ladder compared to the first ladder you summon. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's pretty. I mean, Flavick's not bad. It can dash
Eric Rosenbaum: right so it can. It can get anywhere it wants to. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's it's in the thick of sentence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you put on the other side
Mike Sackton: if it's dashboard that wants to? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what. Put it on the other side all the way. Yeah, like over. Yeah, like there, perfect
Tim Sackton: that lens
Tim Sackton: turn. Yeah. Kenza was up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if I bring myself. Let's see if I move over to melee. I'm gonna get hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's happening now?
Tim Sackton: Pretty much
Mike Sackton: 6 hit points. I have 9 hit points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I gonna die for, though?
Mike Sackton: Does that do 0 to take puts you to one.
Tim Sackton: If you're at 0, you're to get put to one. Yeah.
Tim Sackton:  you do have a wound. So if you move at all you take.
Eric Rosenbaum: you take necrotic damage if you move it off of some some amount that could kill you, which will probably kill you. But if I die. Then I go to one hit point.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if you can survive till Dell's turn, I'm gonna use our bastion power
Mike Sackton: that lets me cast
Mike Sackton: as a bonus action, a sixth level healing word which will heal you? 64 hip points
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. I like that. So so death, Ward. How many times can I die?
Mike Sackton: What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch? So if I move, I'm gonna die.
Mike Sackton: I mean, basically that move. I'm gonna die. Oh, no, he has a wound, not a thing around his heart.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So he had both. Now he just has a no, no, he burns the thing around his heart. He let go. I know. Walk. Yeah, yeah, speaker, spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if I but if I think he just died
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I'll I'll throw some I can shoot some, because, oh, is he? He's immune to acid for now?
Tim Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, I can. I can acid arrow him here. But how far away am I? How many feet.
Tim Sackton: Ish, ish.
Mike Sackton: I mean, what's what about fist of plan or power? That doesn't I can. I need to be 30 feet away for that.
Mike Sackton: You're not 30. You're too far. Alright, I'll just. I'll just ask Arrow him. I'll ask it. Errorman. That's not Kenza's getting. He's getting terrified in his old age. He's unwilling to take the damage. That's fine. Just do it. Just just acid arrow. Be smart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: be smart, Kenza. 17. Inspiration is is a is is a I am now in range, and, thank God, give me give me a give me one d. 4. What's what's inspiration
Mike Sackton: was on 0 rule one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 3. Even. I don't know. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. So at the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11 damage.
Tim Sackton: okay?
Mike Sackton: And what's the damage from the inspiration? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 more from the inspiration. Oh, yeah, you get the 3, and so annoying. What bonus actions can I do? That'd be fun. You can dodge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I'll do that. I never got.
Mike Sackton: It's a good idea I'll dodge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've never done that before I've ever dodged before, ever
Eric Rosenbaum: even though you're standing there with a wound causing you not to be able to move, you can still die.
Mike Sackton: Well, it's like the mattua tattoo. It's not like
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Mike Sackton: We back to Welby. We're back to Wellby.
Tim Sackton: You are restrained until the end of your turn. So you have disadvantage on attacks.
UU Church of Boulder: You don't have any magical form of
UU Church of Boulder:  No, but I mean I can steady aim to even out the disadvantage. Right?
Mike Sackton: That's true. Flat rule. You can't move, so why not steady? Balance your bow on the shadow that's holding you there?
UU Church of Boulder: Yes, exactly. Alright.
Here we go
Tim Sackton: straight. Roll that hits
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
UU Church of Boulder: oops. Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: that's what I want. 40.
Mike Sackton: Everybody standing here is pretty wounded at this point.
Mike Sackton: Oh, man! Banishing smite now would send him away to some other dimension.
Mike Sackton: But now he
Mike Sackton: could help us. Okay.
Tim Sackton: he is going to
Tim Sackton:  now. Gosh! It's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's it.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna snap.
Tim Sackton: One.
Tim Sackton: 2.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna step there.
Tim Sackton: So I'll take opportunity to tax, and everybody wants reactions
Mike Sackton: save my reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter will
Eric Rosenbaum: okay. Finally gets in the action.
Mike Sackton: How do I do that? I just use my spell attack right? That's the regular spell attack. Does the spiritual weapon get an opportunity attack.
Tim Sackton: No, that misses spiritual weapon does not get an opportunity attacking.
Tim Sackton: and then he's gonna slam his blade into the ground.
Mike Sackton: I am not standing on the grounds, Tim. Just Fyi.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if it matters
Mike Sackton: A wave of destructive energy flows in a 30 point cone from the point. You're within a 30 foot
Tim Sackton: dexterity saving throw for well, be
Tim Sackton:  dealt with, and the latter
Mike Sackton: inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Wait till he I can't make saves today.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta pull up the ex, save for the latter.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's yeah. 3 fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck
Tim Sackton: So you all take
Tim Sackton: 32 points of
Tim Sackton: 16 points of bludgeoning damage, 16 points of necrotic damage. and you're knocked prone.
Eric Rosenbaum: 32
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hang on while guys, those are hands pretty.
Tim Sackton: Those are half for you. Yes, cause it's a deck save
Tim Sackton: 32 total
Eric Rosenbaum: now due to the fire effect, a creature that touches or hits it within while within 5 feet. Oh, no, it's not within 5 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Never mind.
Tim Sackton: And then he's gonna teleport.
Tim Sackton: Next to Kenzo, actually
Tim Sackton: 10 feet away from Kenzie.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're right under the hole of the ship now.
Eric Rosenbaum: was right under the haul of the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm at the front.
Mike Sackton: You have a oh, that's her flight. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Is that the first time you've taken damage? Now I've been making my con saves. Okay, right?
Tim Sackton: great and then
Tim Sackton: make his grave attack against Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Kenza. Pr10, wait no! Your flight. Fly spell lets you hover so prone doesn't
Tim Sackton: natural one.
Mike Sackton: Motua Motua Motua. He also has disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but it doesn't matter. Doesn't matter the natural one.
Mike Sackton: If he got another attack. I don't know if he gets another attack. No cause he used one attack for his. He is mad at you, and he cannot hit can't hit you. Looking angrily at that Motua tattoo alright, swinging his blave around. That ends his turn. Dallas up. Okay. Bonus action. Heel on
Mike Sackton: Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. Fucking. Thank you. Back. 17 hit points 17.
Mike Sackton: It's not that good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck.
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll stand between the 2 of you. Why not?
Tim Sackton: As you enter his reach. You can use his reaction to swing
Tim Sackton: blame. That's us
Mike Sackton: 17 that misses that misses.
Mike Sackton: and then I will attack him twice.
Tim Sackton: Awesome missiles.
Mike Sackton: Can I get inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can.
Tim Sackton: I know.
Mike Sackton: Was that. Who did you inspire?
Mike Sackton: Wasn't that last turn?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that was last time last inspiration was on.
Eric Rosenbaum: and though. So this one can go. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Barrett's
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Mike Sackton: So 12 plus 6 plus one d. 8 radiant damage oops.
Mike Sackton: So that's 19 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: second attack got it.
and that's
Mike Sackton: it's not 13. It's 7. I was just so. It's total of 9 16 damage
Tim Sackton: he's looking.
Tim Sackton: He's like leaning on his glave a little bit. He's looking
Mike Sackton:  Oh, looking plus ties, plus 1010 plus 10 damage to that.
Mike Sackton: Add 10 to what I just did.
Mike Sackton: I forgot about the hunter damage
Tim Sackton: he is going to.
Tim Sackton:  now
Tim Sackton: stand, as Doubtwith's turn ends before rizzing is up.
Tim Sackton: and raise his blade above his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Tim Sackton: lines of shadows shoot out to every enemy within 60 feet, which I think is all of you.
Tim Sackton: Wisdom saving throws from everybody.
Kate Sackton: Response is that like magic? Can I like try countering these. Most of these are not spells. The only things he has that are spells are the range attack that needed. Oh, and I, sorry on his attack
Tim Sackton: on his turn. I totally forgot. He also is going to
Tim Sackton: attempt to wrap a chain around Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenza has to make another wisdom safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: 18
Tim Sackton: that Shane does not wrap around you. Okay, so wow! Everybody will very poorly on the wisdom saves.
Tim Sackton: What was Kent Zone save the first one was like an 8.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so  everybody who failed their save
Tim Sackton: is engulfed in shadows.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was the difficulty?
Mike Sackton: Dc, 17. Sorry seeker made it the only one.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so all of everybody who's got engulfed in shadows is bound by these shadowy tendrils that are connected in lines from the ring on his hand that's holding above his hand. From this ring these lines
Tim Sackton: flow out. You all take 21 points or 21 points of necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and you're grappled
Tim Sackton: shot on the wrap around you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would have been immune to that. But I didn't take any.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it my glove? Yes, while you were. Yes, the guest right.
Tim Sackton: you are grappled. As long as these shadows hold
Tim Sackton: attempt to escape they also look like radiant damage might destroy the shadows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: That ends Dallas term.
Mike Sackton: Wait, he's still standing right next to me.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: how badly like Shadow running to 4.
Mike Sackton: And what's the mechanic for cutting off his arm.
Tim Sackton: Tac row with disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: And is there any? Okay?
Tim Sackton: If you hit
Tim Sackton:  you need to do like 15 points of damage to chop it off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm so excited
Mike Sackton: is that 15 points of damage in one attack?
Tim Sackton: No, you can.
Tim Sackton: Makes up. It hurts more if it takes multiple hits. But you know.
Mike Sackton: okay.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Why a spoon
Kate Sackton: so
Mike Sackton: well? B. Has the universal solvent
Eric Rosenbaum: Yup. Bobby has universal solvent.
Mike Sackton: dissolved, destroys anything
Kate Sackton: alright. Well, speaking of radiant damage, I am going to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beam of light
Kate Sackton: within 5 feet on either side of him is like a you know. It's a big rectangle of light, so I'm hoping that it'll at least disconnect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds I would hit yeah with.
Mike Sackton: Please don't hit me with radio. I mean, not dealt with. That would hit the shadows that are binding dealt with, can it? Well, can it? Can it also hit the shadows binding me because I'm about to do something really cool?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean it should. If it just hits him, it should hit. Cut him off from you guys right? No, no, he's dealt with in between Kenza and him.
Kate Sackton: Yes, no, I know. So if there's a if there's no no, you have to hit this now. You can't hit him. You've got to get that.
Tim Sackton: The shadows themselves around each person. You can't just hit him and destroy all the.
Kate Sackton: But the shadows are a line going from him to each person. Right? Yeah. The line from the line from him to deal with is overlapping with the line from him. Vicenza
Eric Rosenbaum: can't argue that. Hey's geometry is impeccable, Tim. I agree. So if there's something cuts right here that's a visual that's incredibly strong
Eric Rosenbaum: should not cut both sets of lines, as is the bundle. I mean, it depends on whether the
Mike Sackton: no, no, it's just.
Tim Sackton: It's not the connection. The connection to him is not the thing you've got to cut. It's the shadows that are actually wrapped around the people's legs. That's why I'm saying you would get dealt with because you'd clip
Tim Sackton: the shadows that are around Dowwell
Kate Sackton: with the okay. Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if it, aren't there? Aren't they? Shadow tendrils from him that are? Then it's like lines of lines of black energy run from the ring and turn into these shadowy chains and a wrapped around each person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But if a giant blast of light is like going straight, wouldn't it also like mess
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, if like, like, if if they're alive, if they were, if they were like shadows behind, right? If it was an arm.
UU Church of Boulder: you wouldn't have to cut it off at the wrist, you could still cut it off at the shoulder, and it would still be. It depends on if you are like chains wrapped around your legs.
Tim Sackton: If you. If you did align. If you did align like this
Tim Sackton: right then you could get both of them.
Mike Sackton: but not him.
Tim Sackton: but a line like this. Only guess Dowa.
Kate Sackton: will it get mine while it's leaving me?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: I can't. The reason I can't move to redirect the line.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but it'll get yours
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so it should get me dealt with. I think that's the best I can do, cause I can't reposition myself. Well, hold on, but, Tim, if I'm grappled I can still attack him, or I cannot attack him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can use your like magic Fist thing to give yourself 15 foot reach. Perfect, that's all I want.
Alright.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So he needs to make another saving throw.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: that succeeds
Kate Sackton: alright. So if he succeeds.
Mike Sackton: I mean, hit points, Jeff. Kids it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  very few
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 5
Mike Sackton: he takes half as much damage. So I still get to roll damage. Right? Yeah. But I hopefully will kill garage next, or I'll I'll hopefully tear his hand off next deck as soon as it gets to my turn. I mean you. Have you next stop at seeker? Kenzieker?
Mike Sackton: Welby? Grosch will go again, and then Delith will go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could I go for, incapacitated or restrain?
Mike Sackton: He can teleport. I would go for incapacitated
Eric Rosenbaum: good call alright. It's just psycho glance again.
Tim Sackton:  sorry risen. I need to know how much damage risen. We didn't say
Kate Sackton: so, half of that.
Tim Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: 13. Yep.
Tim Sackton: So the sunbeam what hits him.
Tim Sackton: and he staggers down for a moment and begins to fall unconscious. when suddenly there's this burst of energy, and everybody within 60 feet has to make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, not much.
Kate Sackton: Hit them too hard.
Mike Sackton: Yup.
UU Church of Boulder:  Finally.
Eric Rosenbaum: nice. Nice.
Tim Sackton: So where did you roll? Kenza?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: 11.
Kate Sackton: If you're gonna give me
Tim Sackton: Riswin and Dalwith. Each take 13 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: and Grash regains 39 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum:  this is the this is the coming
okay.
Mike Sackton: Now, I don't really have any hit points left, either, guys. I could use them. No man, I mean, I just died. So I just I just I just died. So my death ward. Not one hit point that would happen like I got one hit Point Yup.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're all going to die. I don't think we can be crushed, can we? How do we?
Mike Sackton: We gotta take his hand off?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. But how 39 hip points? Isn't that many
Tim Sackton: that brings up seeker's turn.
Mike Sackton: Hold on, everybody except deal with can short rest in 1 min. Right?
Tim Sackton: Yes, oh no, not Kenzo, because he healed off.
Mike Sackton: Because I what? Now? You
Tim Sackton: yeah, he did. He healed his 20 hit points. That was his short rest.
Mike Sackton: When we have used a potion to heal 20 hit points
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fine. Yes, you can use potions, healing potions from your characters.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's what we did.
Mike Sackton: Just because if I, if I, banishing, strike him
Mike Sackton: and hit him, he goes in a pocket dimension for 1 min, which is long enough for everybody to short rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, thank God, let's do that. Get some. Hit dies right?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we gotta successfully. That's that's not till after he gets another turn before I get to do that. But I just have to hit close. We're so close. All that has to happen is someone has to chop his arm off, and then I can zip over there. And just yes, II we I look if the banishing spike does enough damage to chop his arm off great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Alright! Alright!
Mike Sackton: Wait! Oh, yeah, seeker right! Does his lance
Mike Sackton: incapacitate him? You never know
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to hit him with the second glance this time at the Fourth Level.
Tim Sackton: What's the DC. 18?
Tim Sackton: He rolled in 18, so I think, ties and successes right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: 11 points of damage. That's 11 points of damage 39, minus 11 is 28.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast it with the glove effect to protect myself from necrotic damage again. Seekers really mastered the art of hiding
Eric Rosenbaum: during combat
Eric Rosenbaum: uses. Except
Eric Rosenbaum: oh! And the the ladder is gonna dash over with you.
Tim Sackton: Nope, okay, that is actually sort of pointless. Go ahead that secrets term
Tim Sackton: Kenza. Stop with his one hit point alright, you little fucking bitch. Alright, Tim, I'm using all my fucking banks. So first of all.
Tim Sackton: first of all, what? Nope, sorry. First of all, make make your tax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Well, hold on. I'm gonna kill him right now. He! He! He can take second damage. We're gonna we're gonna I'm gonna get him wounded enough to to fucking, snap his hand out. That's the whole thing. Yeah. But is he? Is he? Is he? Vulnerable to psychic damage
Tim Sackton: now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like immune.
Tim Sackton: He's not immune. He's not immune to psychic damage. Okay? So you can take okay? So in one, I'm I'm definitely on a soul strike. So hit the target of soul site with an arm strike or monk weapon need an extra one d 8 psychic damage per turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm definitely gonna use my fucking tattoo now. So I actually haven't done this before. This is gonna be fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yes, exactly. So. So, Kenza, while can I just do 5? Can I just do 5 5 attacks with my fists.
Tim Sackton: sure that probably would be enough to kill him again, though, which you might not want. Oh, wait! But can't I? Isn't the whole point that once he gets to close like, then I'm doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you punch his hand off? Well, no. But see, this is the thing. I'm not punching. I'm not punching his hand off, Tim. And this is the whole narrative of this fucking story. Right now I'm using Motua. Motua is gonna bite his fucking hand off from my tattoo. Okay? Because right now it's it's it's a hole. It's he's been super super stymied by by Motua this entire time, and Motu is gonna exact his revenge right now.
Tim Sackton: So you want to. So if you want to attack, if you want to try and bite his hand off. It's an attack or disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine. Okay, but but I can do that at any point, or do I have to do that once he's down to 15 hit points, or what's the oh, shit. So I'm just gonna do that 5 times. Then I'm just gonna try to attack 5 times, try to bite his hand off 5 times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've got to do 15 points of
Tim Sackton: piercing damage and the surge slashing damage from the bites.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, holy spot. Alright, so inspiration! Comment. How much inspiration can I get
Eric Rosenbaum: it? We we apply it. I can do it once per turn. Is that right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, guys. Here we go. So let's see Motua. So Kenzo Kenza, like like from 15 feet away, he's grappled. But, like you, you see, like the tattoos on his arm to start like, like pulsing, pulsing, pulsing. And then he starts from his grappled position.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: trying to fuck, thrash out. So here we go. First. One.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? 21 with disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's go fucking 28 that hits that does
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 6 plus Monday, for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that does 8 damage. Can I roll my one d 8 psychic damage. Now.
Tim Sackton: yeah, but that's not gonna count for cutting its arm off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, that's fine. Alright the latter.
Tim Sackton: And Dalwith take 7 points of necrotic damage as you rip through his cloak.
Mike Sackton: The shot is around him. If I take another like that, I'm gonna die. Sorry how many
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're you're just gonna have to. Resupp's Richmond's would resurrect you.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one has a big heel spell. She hasn't pulled out yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, but
Kate Sackton: yes, but
Mike Sackton: I can't do it outside of my turn, takes the whole action. That's true. When does Rosen go next?
Tim Sackton: You 2 are the same initiative council. You 2 could swap down within this one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect spot. It's after wash. Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Well, I'm still, I mean, guys, this, this is all team like, like, I'm just trying to fucking. Take a finger off right now, right like, this is like, we gotta we gotta do this right now right? How much to the letter.
Tim Sackton: Same. 7 to the ladder. 70, wow! The ladder is like hanging on by a thread.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! So that's my first attack. Second attack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
Mike Sackton: disadvantage, disadvantage. All right. 27. And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking bitch. 14. Should we inspire that?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good candidate for inspiration? Well, it depends
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 7. Alright. So that hits. So now let's do damage, and that is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 4 plus oh, that's right. 9
Mike Sackton: 9 plus roll, one to 4 15,
Tim Sackton: like, I ripped his hand off you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? So his hand is now off. Oh, my God!
Mike Sackton: So what do we? What happens? Can you wait? Are you still restrained?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! But but can Motua. Can I? Can I spend, like my next 3 actions, just to take the hand, take like, have Motua just like flip the hand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I,
Eric Rosenbaum: or or give it to the latter. I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's where's you try throwing it? Where's done with, or where's that model?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, these up on top of the Ridge.
Mike Sackton: Bill was right next to him, and not but I can't do anything because it's not my turn. We need to like Alley. Give it. If I could do something, I would just misty step and be away from him, which was my plan if I cut it off his arm.
Mike Sackton: Bye. okay, what do we do? What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? But I can't actually do anything. There's nothing I can do as a reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you also up on onto the deck of the ship? Robbie is also restrained.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a big part. It's not restrained.
UU Church of Boulder: So the is the latter grappled, restrained. Yes, what's the order?
Tim Sackton: Bladder sound before him? Otherwise, currently, we're on Kenzo Welby's next. Then Grosch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what if I eat it?
UU Church of Boulder: That doesn't my turn. I'm gonna get out of my grapple.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sure, it's
Mike Sackton: relax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's gonna get out of the graph. Oh, no. And I didn't grab it. Can you hear me?
Mike Sackton: Yes. Now.
Mike Sackton: okay. Well, Gross is gonna have a turn. So if I what should I do with it right now? So I can grab it. Well, hold on hold. Oh, no, he's still a tuned, so we can't kill him.
Tim Sackton: Can't kill him now, because that'll kill everybody if you kill. If Grosch goes to 0 hit points right now.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Darwin are both dead, or at least unconscious.
Mike Sackton: So what you wanna do, whether what you wanna do is well, B. Is to destroy the ring
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then dealt with can kill, groch. But we need to get the ring to well, be some. Okay, Kenzo Kenzo is gonna leverage langau fucking Motua, ramming 3 of his attacks and and and key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and basically reach out the 15 feet grab Garish's hand, which is now like for for the last attack that he did his last unarmed strike. He doesn't just break the hand he goes, takes the wrist and snaps it off, so he's holding the hand, pulls it back in, throws it
Eric Rosenbaum: with with, I'll roll acrobatics, or whatever the fuck to make it a highly accurate throw in Wellbe's direct. Just roll an attack. Attack, roll just like a Dax attack, roll
Mike Sackton: nexus hack roll! Oh, man, and that save or a dex. No, just roll a normal attack like just a normal attack. Just with your like, your dart, roll your attack with a dart.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
Yeah. 14.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, they make
Tim Sackton: acrobatics check.
Eric Rosenbaum: But he's isn't. He grappled, or whatever
Tim Sackton: he's grappled so he can't move. But he can still try and catch it. Not perfectly on target.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay.
Tim Sackton: reach out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Close your hands just around it as a wise path.
Tim Sackton: and at the end of your turn, Kenzo, you take 10 points of necrotic damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck! Did I die? Did I die again? I just died again. But now, like really dead, now I'm really dead, though. are not really dead. But like, I'm like, Yeah, I'm like.
Tim Sackton: not really bad. No.
Kate Sackton: I've lost track of how many times I've died this. This is the second time in this battle. I've died
Mike Sackton: alright. So that's my ring.
UU Church of Boulder: But I can destroy the ring as an action right?
Tim Sackton: Yup.
UU Church of Boulder: That is exactly what I'm gonna do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Tim Sackton: make our
Tim Sackton: constitution saving tail
Kate Sackton: a pouring throw
pouring save? Hmm, hmm!
Mike Sackton: Robbie takes this skeletal hand.
Tim Sackton: drops the universal solvent on that.
Tim Sackton: and the ring begins to dissolve.
Tim Sackton:  And as the ring begins to decay, you can see you hear this
Tim Sackton: whirling screech of
Tim Sackton: just the sound of the terror of the dead whirling around you, and suddenly it is cold and dark.
Tim Sackton: and you are nobody's rest. Nobody's grappled anymore. Nobody's restrained. All the shadows are gone because
Mike Sackton: can't hear you.
Mike Sackton: That's where we can.
Mike Sackton: He's not talking. He's rolling. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many days is everyone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 36 points of necrotic damage
Tim Sackton: as the plane of souls, are you? Okay? I have 35 hit points
Mike Sackton: collapsed itself around you.
Mike Sackton: You're down. The ring is God right?
Tim Sackton: The ring is gone where that ends
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: worth it. I have 0 hip.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm unconscious. I'm unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wellies, unconsciously, right? Oh, yeah, yeah, we're unconscious. We're we're fine
Eric Rosenbaum: man. Ever come back where we all took so much damage. Anyway, Rosh is gonna teleport next to Wellbe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and pitch.
Mike Sackton: What's your I see you moved. 180, sorry!
Mike Sackton: Look simple. Seem to start chopping up my dead body. I love this Earth attack
Mike Sackton: well, but you're actually gonna die.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no, no, no, no! He won't. He won't
Mike Sackton: Viking into well be. But he's gonna kill. Well, you are unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a critical hat that's 2
Mike Sackton: saving throws away to the dead.
Mike Sackton: It's okay. It's okay.
Tim Sackton: The 28 strikes at Wellbe and watches as the light flashes out of your eyes, and then turns from up here.
Tim Sackton: pushes your body down, and just screams in incoherent rage across the battlefield
Mike Sackton: that's dead dead. Yep.
Mike Sackton: that's why we have Kate to cast resurrection, though. Well and often. Yeah, well, and also, if I if I somehow get on, if I get caught. But I think it's my turn right. I gotta kill. I gotta go kill Garsh.
Mike Sackton: I can't help any of you. He's standing just
Tim Sackton: his cloak. His cloak has fallen from his head.
Tim Sackton: the shot is gone. He's just standing in rage. Wait.
Mike Sackton: Eric, you have an inspiration left right? You can inspire me. It's a new turn
Tim Sackton: whirling his glave in a circle as he screams as you come within his reach. He's gonna use his reaction to make an attack against you.
Wait! Can I drink a potion during a move, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: to drink a potion?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the story with drinking a potion, the bonus action.
Mike Sackton: bonus action. I have nothing useful for a bonus action. I'm gonna drink a potion as a freaking bonus. 24 to hat
Mike Sackton: 24 I will cast shield. He misses
Tim Sackton: the glave clings across this.
Tim Sackton: What does your shield look like?
It's
Tim Sackton: it, probably. What touchy is it from? I don't even remember it looks, Michael. My wings. Probably it probably leaps out of my way as as as the glave flashes towards Della's neck. This
Tim Sackton: lynx leaps out of his shield and just grabs it, deflecting it away. and Grosch stands there
Tim Sackton: in anger, staring at Dalwith.
Mike Sackton: daring you to try and do something. Yep. Well, now I'm attacking him. Okay. I use my bonus app. and I use my reaction. I use my bonus action, too. So it's regular attacks. Only
Mike Sackton: here it goes. I'm really nervous to click the button.
Mike Sackton: Okay, 20 that'll hit. That hits
Tim Sackton: does not have that many hip wins left.
That's 11 plus hold on
Mike Sackton: plus 8. So 19,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's still standing.
Mike Sackton: Okay, have another attack.
Brett.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow, nice.
Mike Sackton: That's gonna kill him that kills him
at 20,
Mike Sackton: 1430 points 30, 31 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: He just the bones of his body just collapse into a pile. as doubtless blade slices through him. Well, bees
Tim Sackton: dead body on the ground that was still in the air, amazingly exceeding every single concentration tax.
Mike Sackton: every single one. I failed on my first role succeeded my second role
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Tim Sackton: and there's quiet for a moment.
Tim Sackton: As you look around the battlefield
Tim Sackton: about half of the undead.
Tim Sackton: Maybe more.
Tim Sackton: Just begin to dissipate
Tim Sackton: with the ring is combined.
Tim Sackton: You see
Tim Sackton: souls just floating. Wellbe. You find yourself standing in a plain expanse
Tim Sackton: watching.
Tim Sackton: as all of these creatures begin to appear. Next to you, the souls of Orcs. some Dunmari.
Tim Sackton: some
Tim Sackton: halflings, even some long dead and lost and confused. not sure where to go or
Tim Sackton: what to do, and just slowly begin shuffling along
Tim Sackton: to the River of Souls in the Land of the Dead.
Tim Sackton: The rest of you here watch as one by one, every
Tim Sackton: undead that had been killed and resurrected by the ring all of the Orcs that washed slaughter
Tim Sackton: back to life with the ring. all of the undead that had been killed once, twice, 3, 4 times, maybe more, by the Orcs. Everybody whose soul was bound by the ring
Tim Sackton: begins to
Tim Sackton: drift away.
Tim Sackton: and as this happens. you see
Tim Sackton:  the arcs from the
Tim Sackton: from the city, begin seeing this, and begin to ride out.
Tim Sackton: sweeping through the
Tim Sackton: remnants of the undead. driving them away
Tim Sackton: without the ability to resurrect without any
Tim Sackton: power from Grash's ring.
Tim Sackton: little that any of the undead forces can do to stop them, and most don't try.
Tim Sackton: Disoriented and confused and lost.
Tim Sackton: They just drift.
Tim Sackton: So as this battle rages around you, what are the 4 of you doing?
Kate Sackton: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry, just just to recap the very ending of the battle. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzos grappled, does some like Motua tattoo punches snap Scratch's hand off, rolls it in the air like up to Welby, who's sitting on the stone ridge. Wellby catches the hand, dissolves it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the ring, grosch, teleports to where Welby is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: murders him lifelessly, and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dellwith flies over and then kills him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's pretty cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pretty amazing! Pretty great! We should animate that. I love it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that's a worthy garage, grush death.
Eric Rosenbaum: and and everybody took so much damage. Oh, yeah, every one of us
Mike Sackton: accident so much damage, including everybody, except every every body who left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But just try to took damage. Rob seeker was almost killed by the demon, and he got kinda done shy after that. Actually take too much damage, either. Seeker, if you makes you feel any better. So wait. So are we. Do we resurrect? Well, be or not? Probably not. Right.
Mike Sackton: Speaker, deal with the latter, and I take your bodies onto strata. What's his name? Somebody's gotta heal Kenzo, right? Cause I mean, just drop a cure wound on Kenzo. He's just unconscious.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I do a quick blast of
Kate Sackton: banish, undead, or whatever it is in the general vicinity. Just make sure nobody bothers me in the next
Kate Sackton: 30 s. Because I have all the actions. I won because we're not in battle anymore.
Kate Sackton: And then I
you're
Kate Sackton: what do I do? Some sort of healing spell thing.
Mike Sackton: and any any healing spell will do for me like literally, anyone doesn't matter which.
Kate Sackton: Alrighty.
Kate Sackton: you can have a nice, I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're just gonna rest and get all your points back after I just token a mountain feeling. Right? Yeah, alright. Here have a have a cure wounds. So the the latter, that took actually over 70 points of damage and was very near. Today is all in tatters and still a glow.
Mike Sackton: No, no, the latter Wellby's body onto the ship.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, not by itself. I like fly. Oh, you go with it. Okay, I mean, I'll fly, Brisbane. You can fly to, you know. You can also fly seeker without the latter.
Mike Sackton: I mean also fly onto the ship.
Mike Sackton: you know, alongside Walby's body
Mike Sackton: we leave on the the thing, or we'll we'll we'll take the ship. I think we should get up into. Yeah. Yeah. So we we take off
Eric Rosenbaum:  salvage some really good hardwood from the giant wreckage of the let's deal with wellbe before we deal with those, you know. Like, yeah, I think that's a good plan. I feel we should not ignore the dead body lying in our midst.
Mike Sackton: You should hold a nice funeral. We're really good at parties. Well, be
Eric Rosenbaum: good. Wake! What can we do? Can you bring it back?
Eric Rosenbaum: How does that work?
Mike Sackton: No, it's just what's over it riz when
Kate Sackton: resurrection.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have you ever done this before? Prism?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I touch a dead creature who's been dead for no more than a century. Okay. So we got that part, Jack. No, so there's no rush. After all, there's no rush at all. You know we we have some fancy diets like weekend at Bernie's. We just carry him around of this room
Eric Rosenbaum: alright
Kate Sackton: and and yep. So. coming back from the dead is an ordeal, you take a penalty to your attack rolls saving throws and ability checks until
Tim Sackton: you have to wait. You don't have. There's a hangover you have to sleep because you don't have this prepared.
Kate Sackton: I was just sort of assuming that I could. I met. I thought we had prepared it together, and then, when I didn't find it, I was like, gonna just pretend that I had prepared it.
Kate Sackton: It's in, because there's lots of things that I didn't use that I could have.
Kate Sackton: you know.
Kate Sackton: not have had prepared and had that prepared.
Kate Sackton: I think it's reasonable firestorm.
Tim Sackton: That's fine.
Kate Sackton: So anyway, of course, he'd be fine until tomorrow, since we know he'll keep for another 100 years. But you know, it's like we we have that chest. Right? Yeah. Put him in the cold chest. Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: But anyway,
Kate Sackton: Every time the target finishes a long rest. The penal, the minus 4 penalty, is reduced by one unit till it disappears.
Kate Sackton: So you gotta be careful for the next 4 days as you go to the hangover. Yeah. build back up to full attack, saving, throw and ability check roles.
Tim Sackton: So this takes an hour to cast.
Tim Sackton: And as you all gather around
Tim Sackton: Welby's body in Vintrastarna. flying above the city. take out your fancy, diamond
Tim Sackton:  and and hold it up.
Tim Sackton: and you can see
Tim Sackton: Seeker and riswin, you can see a sort of glimmer of the part of the mountain of the home of the dwarven gods. In this
Tim Sackton: underground cave, through the Diamond
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And as Rosenwin continues this prayer and
Tim Sackton: reaches out and touches well-be.
Tim Sackton: the diamond shatters into dust that just floats in the air.
Tim Sackton: floating around well be beginning to slowly drift deforms.
Tim Sackton: shaping into
Tim Sackton: images of about on the ocean
Tim Sackton: a map
Tim Sackton: compass
Tim Sackton: slowly Welby's eyes open and the dust blows away
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as as well be awakens tenzo, tenzo, leans over and is like you catch
UU Church of Boulder: smiles slowly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good catch, like Kenza, still holding like gracious skeletal hand, and, like the other goes to give you a high 5 with the hand, with the with the skeletal hand. Now when Darwith, when Darwin killed him, all of his bones disintegrated, damn it!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, well, gives them a high 5, anyways.
UU Church of Boulder: Bobby reaches his hand up for high-five and then just flops it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Best. Best, friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, that's before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cause. So welcome to the club.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did it feel like to die
UU Church of Boulder: was a long journey further than I've ever been but short.
Have to think about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Been unconscious before, but never dead, never dead. Dead. It's different, isn't it? It's different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo and wellbe share now a a strong bond distinct from everyone else. The Death Club
Eric Rosenbaum: now
UU Church of Boulder: is quiet and thoughtful, very far away. Still coming back to this world again.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think everybody's been unconscious
Eric Rosenbaum: must be the case.
Tim Sackton: I mean. Kenza voluntarily died
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: died in combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ken Kenza will. We'll we'll we'll kind of sit a resp a respectful distance from well, be, but we'll kind of sit there and and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, go go inward and and reflect on all that has occurred in this past
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: past little period.
Kate Sackton: but to see my good companions in a a place of safety. I think that
Kate Sackton: some communication with our
Kate Sackton:  resident Orc population that might be at hand might be
Kate Sackton: appropriate
Eric Rosenbaum:  rosman, you must have achieved
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somewhat of an iconic status here, given your role in protecting these people are these beings.
Kate Sackton: They, I mean, they deserve all of my service. So
Kate Sackton: I think that we've gotten along fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: there was not much I could have done about that trebuchet without you all, though smaller catapults were not
Kate Sackton: as as much of a challenge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it seems that we came exactly on time
UU Church of Boulder: does
Tim Sackton: last of the city might have been destroyed if you had gotten a few days earlier.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems like there's some damage price of the mirror vision of the elemental forge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nothing that can't be rebuilt. True.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as the day passes
Tim Sackton: into afternoon, the sun rising in the sky.
Tim Sackton: you return
Tim Sackton: to the Orcs, I guess.
Kate Sackton: Like, did they literally manage to like
Kate Sackton: corral the entire other half of the army that didn't just disintegrate?
Kate Sackton: Do you have any problem with that.
Tim Sackton: Eventually most of the army did start to disintegrate. And and then I mean, I assume that
Tim Sackton: you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we helped, we like, and then we like went in there and fuck some shit up for the while.
Kate Sackton: That's sort of what I'm implying. Yeah, but
Tim Sackton: but realistically, like most of the
II mean, you know the like 500 or so
Tim Sackton: bark warriors who were holed up were perfectly capable of driving off the
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: grosch didn't want to get too. I mean, Lou Bosch didn't want to get too close. because if he got too close to you, that would mess up the resurrection and
the stuff right? So.
Eric Rosenbaum:  hmm!
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: the city is still protected by forbidden, so all they really had to do was just retreat whenever
Tim Sackton: rest up a bit and send out a few sorties with with with Groch and the catapult gone. It wasn't a particular challenge
Mike Sackton: cause. They could just kill the undead, and then they'd just be dead. They would just come and come back. I mean, zombies are also notoriously.
Tim Sackton: They're pretty easy to kill right like.
Mike Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: they're not without gross. Presumably they're not tactically intelligent, right? They're just wandering around. All you need is like 20 archers. You could just keep backing up
Tim Sackton: the nuisance. Plague! I'm just saying yes, wandering around and back from the land of the dead, help the Orcs clear out the last of the zombies.
Tim Sackton: lingering still
Tim Sackton: and return to the city
Tim Sackton: in the evening triumphant.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: Let's throw a victory party. We practice for it. After all.
UU Church of Boulder: we have so much food right now
UU Church of Boulder: back garden.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yeah. You're well stocked.
Kate Sackton: Well, a town that's been under siege for a while would appreciate so much food from a garden.
Tim Sackton: So of the evening. You
Tim Sackton: prepare some food.
Tim Sackton: you.
Tim Sackton: you know, bring out some of your stores. Falric is like super curious about this whole thing, like
Eric Rosenbaum: what happened.
Tim Sackton: I assume you like. Give him a little warning about what you know these people. But but he starts talking, I mean he starts talking about the Fay, wild with
Tim Sackton: with Agazar, with, like the loremaster, and they get off on
tangent to that
Tim Sackton: travels in the Fay wild, and rumors and things, and
Tim Sackton: Everybody is.
Tim Sackton: you know. Just kind of
Tim Sackton: it's been a lot. It's been a month of siege. The past few days, in particular, have been extremely stressful for everybody, for all the Orcs.
Tim Sackton: massive boulders crashing into their city. There's still a lot of rebuilding and a long road to
Tim Sackton: preparing them city, and especially the countryside that grosch rampage through.
Tim Sackton: and there is a. you know, a notice distress as many of the zombies who fought in Gosh's army, where the
Tim Sackton: dead Orcs, who had were their friends
Tim Sackton: bye
Tim Sackton: overall. It's it's and it's quite a celebration.
Tim Sackton: uvash the achievement. Robots
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: overwhelmed
Tim Sackton: have nothing.
Tim Sackton: If, although several young Orcs do volunteer if you eat any.
Mike Sackton: Harley come with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, hell, yes. hell, the F. Yes. and we welcome them. And Kenzo Kenza, you all noticed suddenly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is able to speak orkish like he suddenly is able to like. Just communicate with these Orcs somehow. And it's kind of strange wasn't able to do that earlier.
Tim Sackton: Oh, also, Kenza, you notice. So the flower that's been growing on your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh!
Tim Sackton: Like all through the fight with Grosch every every time it's like seemed undestructible.
Tim Sackton: And now, as you're celebrating this party
Tim Sackton: you see. about a week after
Rs day.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: the the bud closes, and it begins to go to see. Probably in another week there will be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: oh, shit! We're about to get an elvin fucking giant ash tree on our ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing. He's a lot of graphic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sighting.
Mike Sackton: That's gonna be the meditation chamber.
Mike Sackton: Well, it's gonna be a lot of things. I mean, yeah. Think those those elven trees are pretty pretty cool and pretty useful. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  wait who we were. We're gonna get another hire. Oh, that the there's a gardener, Elvin gardener. Elvin Gardener. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we just got such a great like so excited for our like multicultural haven of it's we're such a such a multicultural haven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Forks, elves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's the orbs, peaceful Orcs, useful Orcs.
Eric Rosenbaum: The volunteers are native born outside of the
Eric Rosenbaum: the party goes late into the night.
Tim Sackton: and before we end
Mike Sackton: next morning, like, where are you doing? Poly? And then
Mike Sackton: Ryan?
Mike Sackton: And yeah, yeah, we we need, we needed. We need to get the hands. Tell me a bunch of stories, because I have no idea all the things that have distracted you, I mean other than partying so, and like we should track down Ergle the black. I think we do the side quests and toll, and then we do the main quest in Tolin, and then we consider going after fast stuff
Mike Sackton: side quest in Tollen. And what's the main question, Tollen? The main question. Tollen is finding the rise jade piece of jade. The side quest is tracking down or go to black and chasing the rumors of.
Mike Sackton: There's a whole set of weird places that we were dropped. Hints about
Kate Sackton: is maybe we should chase them all down.
Kate Sackton: Isn't secret, brother missing, or something I heard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah. But but like the main quest is, there are 3. Throw 3 more pieces of rise hand that need to be found. Yeah. And once we put the hand together, then we can show the full completed hand to the mirror, and then from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which will reveal the location of Apollon's Apollion's whatever Black tree.
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, yes.
Mike Sackton: And then we'll know where to go to. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So that's what's supposed. That's that's the main quest. Yeah, the main quest is finding rise hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also, remember, you have teleport now. So Seeker could just be like.
Tim Sackton: let's teleport to random place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you can't take the ship with us, but that's Bridge.
Mike Sackton: How long? You could only get back to the ship with the Rainbow bridge.
Tim Sackton: No, no, but but no matter where you are on Tugar, you can always create a bridge that goes to the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: You teleport you deep venture. Then you
Tim Sackton: Rainbow Bridge back to the ship.
Mike Sackton: but we gotta go back to Tollen first and finish building our ship
Tim Sackton: all right. We stop by the elves, pick up the gardener, and then we go to the we go to Tolin, and then we right. But but Meta, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're not gonna spend wanna play a toll in session next time, or let's go. Let's let's so, then I need to know what you're doing. I mean yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hour or something wrapping up. Oh, man, I need to know where you're going after that teleport to any random place in the world. So I need a bit of an idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So do we go full on Reihan. Rise hand right now. Or do we like, you know? Figure out.
Mike Sackton: yeah, let's go to Ersk. Let's go after Rice Hinden Erskine
Eric Rosenbaum: straight there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: person is close.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we might wanna didn't we? Wasn't there?
Tim Sackton: Who was it? So there was a Kenku who had, who had agreed to connect you with somebody
Tim Sackton: who had flown around in the north and could lead you on the back way, so that you would approach Ersk from the
Mike Sackton: north instead of from the coast where everybody expects travelers. That sounds like fun. It's a Kenko. We can probably take our ship
Mike Sackton: cause we're flying right, presumably can't teleport because the kinky has to show us the way.
Tim Sackton: If you wanted to teleport to Ersk, your only option would be to teleport to the place that Dela Scribe to Radomir's.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that would also be
Eric Rosenbaum: risky whether it's risky. Because, yeah.
Mike Sackton: let's, I think we follow the Kenku path into the back way into Ersk take, and then
Mike Sackton: possibly. obviously, we could rain. But Bridge, I mean, we could rain a bridge a hundred miles
Mike Sackton: away from the district, right? We just have to be able to see where we're going.
Mike Sackton:  what? What's an earth? Begin
Mike Sackton: piece of rice, hand piece of rice hand. We think
Mike Sackton: I still ascribe it first J. Garden and then some jungle. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jade garden is an undersea under siege near Charlton. Ersk. Feels great. We've been talking about Ersk. It's been in the air. Why not go to Ersk even? I've heard of Ersk
Eric Rosenbaum: nice. I'm out of the loop completely. So
UU Church of Boulder: what do you think, Schwarzsch? You. Look you look, you look pensive. My my only hesitation is this, Ersk is a closed nation that allows no one in of highly powerful wizards.
Eric Rosenbaum: When you put it that way?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, but you just kill. Gosh.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, I mean, we'll figure it out right, like
UU Church of Boulder: just that. I think it's I think it's gonna
UU Church of Boulder: be a rough go. I'm all for it. I just think it's gonna be a rough go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but when else would we want to do it, you know.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, no agree. I mean, I feel like the other priority, or I think well, we would say, the other priority is, let's kill Fausto as soon as possible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's interesting where I started hand. That's interesting. Well, also, we if he's got that pandemonium scroll that he's probably gonna like, do we keep waiting on that, and like, let him keep hanging around with that, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I will say I will say, Tim, like I don't wanna Jinx us a little bit, but feels like the world's like, Okay, you know. Feels like feels like there's nothing like horrible happening right? Right? So it feels like, pretty like civil war. Yeah, Denmark probably gonna start fighting soon.
Tim Sackton: or might, it's hard to say. But putting Hovde are in charge of keeping the piece may not be the
Tim Sackton: strategy that leads to peace, but the Orcs are in great shape, I intervening in
Mike Sackton: the Chartin. Denmark.
Mike Sackton: I think, when you say, though you mean intervening further on top of our additional interventions to date.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We we we were really do it. We were you, were we were, we were. We were bad, you know, like wrong place, wrong time. That was like what we were. We weren't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no, there's no intention on our side.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are unwitting pawns, and you are unwitting. Exactly, thank you, Tim. We were unwitting pawns. Absolutely. The fifth, unwitting, unwitting is the key. We
Mike Sackton: could fly across Denmark and try and
Mike Sackton: fix something there. We could teleport straight to Chartin, I mean, we could teleport to the door in front of Fausto's house and then and try. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: since we had teleport. I kind of fucked with the idea of like doing a little chart in reconnaissance like just teleport in like, and just try to understand like what the hell's going on, you know. Like, that's kinda there's something appealing about that. This is our new Emma. We can hop around a little bit. Now, what goes off the board like? There's no one
UU Church of Boulder: actively trying
UU Church of Boulder: to kill us, I mean, except that
UU Church of Boulder: godlike lick. But besides that.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if a Polyado knows about us actually oh, he'd only knows about us, he probably does. At this point he has to. I stared at him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stared at him. I stared at him and the plan of consciousness, and also be destroyed. A scepter. He must know that app happened. And now the brain yeah, he knows he definitely knows that. Yeah, there he's got, I mean. But I don't know. I kinda like I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it could be interesting to go go pop back in the chart and just get a feel for what the hell's going on over there.
Kate Sackton: Either kill fasto, or steal back the scroll of pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting thought. Actually. we've
Eric Rosenbaum: swiping it out from under his nose would be impressive. But
UU Church of Boulder: do we know where what plane of Polyon is on?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's got. He's got a physical. He's got a material like thing, which is the, you know, whatever the fuck I can ever pronounce, he was imprisoned. Black trade. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: be awkward if he was imprisoned on pandemonium and
Tim Sackton: no, no, no, he's he's on the material plane.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the philactories and the material plan. Yes, yes, in. In an undisclosed location.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Kate Sackton: That rise hand knows.
Mike Sackton: because the right hand was holding the story that they learned last session. Was that
Tim Sackton: so? Apollyon was trapped. There's all this back story about the High School campaign.
Tim Sackton: Shamat and Apollon turned on each other because the Polyon tried to become a god
Tim Sackton: didn't like cause. He wanted to kill all the gods.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: Polyon was trapped by Shamat
Tim Sackton: left unexplained is why Shamat didn't just kill him
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Tim Sackton: And then Chama died because they all killed Shamat
Tim Sackton: and Apollion then was gonna break free. But Rye was warned by this Elven woman and a few other people
Tim Sackton: who had been like the enemies of a Polygon for a long time. So rye tell as he was teleturning to stone teleported.
Tim Sackton: and the assumption is that he just the polyens factory
Tim Sackton: which is the source of his power into his hand as he turned to jade. So it was surrounded. And so it's being held by his hand. Then Ry did something or something happened, and his hand shattered, and that free to poly on again.
Tim Sackton: the logic being, if you can get all the pieces of the hand together. Then, every time
Tim Sackton: Kenzos looked at a piece of jade in the hand in the mirror, all he's seen is the history
Tim Sackton: since it was shattered.
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Tim Sackton: reassembled, we should Gary. You should see the history. You can see what it was holding. Once you can identify what a Polynes for factory is, then you can go find it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then you can scri it right like once you wanna know what it is.
Mike Sackton: Can you scribe objects. Think so.
Mike Sackton: It's a good question, though. I caused my character sheet there like locate object. There's a lot of ways to find something, you know what it is. That's a lot easier than something you don't question
UU Church of Boulder: just real, practically, since it's something that is Ersk or Chardon.
Mike Sackton: I would vote Ersk. But
Mike Sackton: that's not.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't fight chart, and if that's what everybody else wanted. I could see why Chartin might be.
Mike Sackton: I think Welby's ambivalent, because his desire to go somewhere. New is really balanced with his desire for bloody vengeance. In this case, that's how I feel. Wellbe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, this is hard. See? The thing is like, okay, it doesn't feel like there's a lot of urgency to get rise hand together. You know what I mean. It's like, what's a poly on doing like what's even happening like, it's like, you know, it's like we're we were. We're partying until it's like Fausto, we know, is actively sending like shadowhounds and shit against us. He's like actively trying to kill us, you know what I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so and then he's got this like scroll that he could use to do some nefarious shit with like that feels like a bigger ticking bomb in some ways than Napoleon. I mean applying, maybe doing some stuff. At least I don't know what the fuck it is, so I kinda like feel a little bit like like getting a little temperature check like doing a little reconnaissance over to Chartin could be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, cause like Earth is gonna be there like rise, hand is not going anywhere, you know, getting our feet wet with teleport travel. Which of these problems is one that we can solve by dropping a huge rock onto it from the sky cause that strategy really works well, literally every problem from now on in Apollo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fausto's house, Fausto's Tower is totally boulder droppable like we can completely, magically protect it, though
Eric Rosenbaum: true, you can't scry his house. You probably can't teleport into his house. Yeah. But could you drop? Could drop in rock on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton:  by. Only hesitancy was going to chart it as I felt like, we're gonna get
Mike Sackton: sucked into the Denmark Jardin politics and feel compelled to try and stop a war.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Personally, I vote Ersk
UU Church of Boulder: cause that sounds absolutely chaotic, so dangerous because we really have no idea what we're up against. I mean Erskine, the opposite direction from chart. So like if something's coming at us from chartin, it's really far away, doesn't. Yeah, I don't think it puts us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but we're like sitting ducks before now it's like we have a fucking flying cancel, and we teleport anywhere, and we've got a rainbow bridge like it's like like it's gonna be traveling on on the skyship. The shadow hunters have not managed to track you down. Yeah, we're we're unless they've got some magic fucking abilities. Like, we're I. Yeah. You're right? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's good at risk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ersk.
Tim Sackton: Erskine is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that are risk.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Let's go to chartin, like, when we're really ready to like, you know.
Mike Sackton: the next piece of price hand
Mike Sackton: is in.
Mike Sackton: The next piece of raised hand is is in a.
Mike Sackton: It's close to charting. Maybe maybe we reconnaissance. We're gonna have to learn stuff about it. Right? We'll sneak back into charting, learn some rumors, find what's going on. Make some decisions. I think chartin's next after our
Mike Sackton: we should like go disappear for a little bit. Let Faust don't wonder what's going on.
Mike Sackton: Right. Leave the ship parked in toland and teleport to chartin right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: what we need is, can we get a hireling who can drive the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: idea? Drive the ship?
Kate Sackton: Our Kenzie, our car drivers are Kenzo and seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's true, it's true. Seekers only tried to go up into the clouds and freeze us all to death like once or twice, but Seeker's never been on the ship by himself
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: until today.
Tim Sackton: right? Until today. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: he managed not to run away. And my my new cloak is is completely
Eric Rosenbaum: free of blemishes
Eric Rosenbaum: with. did. I didn't even have to re-oil my beard after the fight.
Mike Sackton: Some of us did all the heavy bleeding and dying
Mike Sackton: seriously. Well, I mean you took a fair bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like I'm taken for granted a little bit more because I go unconscious. Basically, every battle soccer player's experience of dying is like that was amazing, totally. Well, it's like the benefit of knowing like you can get resurrected, you know. It's like kind of useful, because
Tim Sackton: if you hadn't just I mean, if he had been thinking more tactically, it probably would have made more sense to take
Tim Sackton: dealt with down.
Mike Sackton: It was
Mike Sackton: useful tactically as well, because, though it did have tricks up asleep. But Rosh also had tricks up and sleeve right? So
Kate Sackton: yeah. Well cleaned up in the end.
Tim Sackton: although if he had teleported onto the ship.
Tim Sackton: It could have been rough for seeker.
Mike Sackton: You only had like 15 hit points you could take out could have taken about.
Eric Rosenbaum: True. No, I would I would have lost fly when Dealwith went out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I would have lost fly with that. What went out, that is true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that was cool, though there was like moments where it felt like, oh, we might not win this like that feels good battle.
Kate Sackton: You got to teach me to speak louder, so that I can hop on the ladder and fly to your rescue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smaller, smarter things, too, so that'll be interesting.
Tim Sackton: I gotta go to bed so little bit of toll in, and then
Tim Sackton: first time
Tim Sackton: and wait. Wait. Wait when. So you're planning on flying the back route with the Kenkoo and then investigating before you like. Teleported anywhere. Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: And then drop rock symptoms and then dropping rock somethings that was very satisfying. That was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that was great. I like how I expected that to be like.
Tim Sackton: you know, an hour and a half of like figuring out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: La.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no, that's just that's critical. Best best critical role ever.